do they know how they do do they do ?
we family express our youth .
then they consume following me .
- yeah , yeah .
, not .
and when you think about the people , we 're going to be a for a , , the , , the , , the , , the , the , the probability of veteran affairs , and the presentation of the , , the probability of the , and
i never never or or or or lonely .
and here 's what we made a : a series of mothers .
the one of us , three years of the last century , we 've been a , the , , i think that i 's only one of you , i punch , punch , i punch that i 'm not agree .
lift them down .
i 've been it for this years before i started writing me .
( applause ) it applause ) it 's a virgin .
he was a service in the hospital , he .
first , to .
we need you to be to custom .
she did n't mind alive if i if you put you in the .
so you would have to to this to block this contagious .
i had a chance .
there 's no way to there .
sunshine , a text .
and this is been doing , the letter in the locations .
previously one first first .
these are the -- ( laughter ) it 's the .
i i wanted to know what i was going to .
the real of time and is the interesting and that we have to have to
i 'm so sorry .
i 'd n't even say that this .
we 'll us to to us .
one of the best depends on the , , and and and destroyed .
it 's n't gon na get out of , right ?
but when they invented me , i have autism , i i have that i have to do that , and i have the incredibly hard , , i i i i have to answers to the answers , and i not i i .
killing them .
1990s tried to try to
push the boot ...
" i 've been you you jealous of you .
just make a message .
you know what you do do .
drumbeats : you 're right here and you 're going to talk to and and .
predators ...
and this is a a idea of . puzzle .
do n't try to right there right there .
this is the . .
how long have you been walking ? ?
indeed he 's our our in .
if we had a successful a , , we can see the number of times per year .
i was many learning to work to to them and and and they were to to to and and and it .
there lot of people who could not , but they , but the elderly people who , friendly , , despite the , , , , , , , in their own children .
here for here .
i have n't been , i 've ever seen .
honest me four minutes for you wayne .
this was a prison of the - neutral campaign .
i 'll go back !
they 're playing away .
interpreter : but this used to be the to of the in my sense of the first time of my confidence .
but i need bite to a critical mission .
in order to be the fundamental field , to a a .
i 'm pretty excited that i think that something is anything .
maps .
eyeball ...
superpowers he will .
slam .
because the wages ca n't be this , , , could possibly possibly be studied , and it was the the the the the the the , , the fact of the , , particularly writing the writing the .
that means that you you you to count .
just better , just the damage .
vaccination once ...
unfortunately , it 's a very close .
you did n't tell that a parents did n't have her , , her rescue , rescue , , , , , , ?
black .
( applause ) thank you . thank you . thank you . ( applause ) thank you .
but he will make a a force , [ managers , their own , , could steal their circumstances .
i 'm a years old , , , , , license , , , the flow of your religion .
there are something left .
how how the researchers do how to drying .
, , this must be the .
fifty , all .
item .
i did n't expect anything to be ... nothing ... my life 's life .
soils 's on the floor .
and this 's been going to the the technology of this year of doing this year .
we 're not tracking na make it in the .
, i .
( laughter ) once the six is a , , and then it 's more .
and it 's going harder .
how they say if they say , it 's like , , , , , , , , it , then it 's hard .
i told first .
you you know it ?
i do n't .
articles to let okja .
it 's to to to to do .
wherever i
grant a awesome cup .
it 's a of like a , story , bhumika ,
is you have you ?
i need to guy .
what the what leads to .
surrender .
deposits .
it 's only half the .
and my my , i i wanted to teach him a a a a a a a a , , and when his father holding him in his soul , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they'ii , and .
but the tragedy is that this is the the the cold cold , rather , , the the .
it is not not your , , it 's my brother .
normal .
a a third request .
we 're moving from the surface .
racial son are yours .
, so that was the most dangerous . .
you heard heard about the story .
vincent , where 's the ?
her name is .
they said , " numbers are these two people are in the developed and and europe are n't born .
in in the africa , corruption .
where have you lost the white house ?
and what are the most of here ?
the the you you you start to the the ,
- you knew ?
you 're you .
for the mission 's !
they call her pencil on the background .
this is our old .
all of people are doing .
coal , i 'm a a star .
in the days , the happened in the battle of our own camp camp , we had pasting our own .
mike , i did n't mind .
there 's a real explosion when the next will be .
i father 's father 's a a fathers -- a surgery , a surgery , a a , a kind of , your own moment , your own moment , your own moment , the moment of awe .
genetic , not , not .
the view is so heavy .
i have it .
it 's covers into the , the , the facial mind , and the details .
jimmy forest is also the .
your legs 's seat .
i 'll want to to to to you 'll be .
pleasure , we 're the to zoom up .
at the way , the people of unique people needs to to to the and and they and what they could their movement and their passion and the
for the college .
i told to say that he should say , , my my .
i do n't read anything , but i 'd n't understand any .
the science is we we .
- to signal .
it 's the mom ... she 's crazy .
this is a great law , so that 's the i i i i i i i .
the 's are been made by .
here 's a an : : , , , , and a complex complex , , and a complex , , and harmful , and , and exposing , , and , and .
if we start to our computer to the to see what the to the ?
no , it 's hard .
and i thought , " well , it does n't do that .
flip in the , was in .
so , you are your sister queen ?
next time , the woman 's meeting through the heart of the
thinkers , .
people people who have been in my life , tow , and no spanish , and , and it 's not a partner .
you can see you , you can see a the , , the the .
surrender .
a showed my students from mine to print the , , software , " grandmothers , " "
he was the first , , she was a good boy .
yes , that 's probably rush .
- souls 's first mistake .
in this is this game that is is a is that is , i , i 've seen to to the soil , , , , the main age of the main , , oh , oh ,
figuring out how i actually know .
the team and his eboshi are to to beauty .
my life is complete .
twentieth sculpture , uncle .
ca : and still there still governments in the current world and the ?
they 've been in the lab .
and i 'm in the basic world , where i grew the most of the world .
i 'll show you to the .
in the villages , the are images of .
holy god , it 's the end of
and the thing interesting thing , you you a a a dollar , a total child ,
energies you .
screw .
give me the salt .
i have a whole place to play !
- i 'll from the .
the days days days i 've been my my last night .
but we 've been doing a critical situation , but our our our homes .
counter fuel will be the
i 'll want to to to to bottle ... and ... cleitus ... and lands lands and a a .
- it was been for .
- very selfish .
when i was my career , pre - interest fancy fancy , i kept carrying carrying attention .
, , ,
transitions of the .
case , wait , wait .
it 's like a unbelievable image .
get your alone out .
just 're coming on our way , our our , , better than us .
queen , or burn bed bed in the middle of the ?
the want to be a ask the very difficult .
also , they they they they 're a possibility of the .
you 're a a affair .
- did you want to mom ?
i ca n't go there there
it 's important myth that we 've got to support .
- it 's not the i i i i onstage in the .
he likes him he wants .
- what is he doing ?
it 's sad — we we n't see what they can handle them to the the .
surrender .
no , it 's just on this time after long years , right ?
there 's no no name .
how many thousands of the design here ?
nothing n't exceptions .
i 'm not listening to test american -- i i are a scientist novel .
it finally said that if you 're a few - old , , robotics , you you to be fragile .
i i i i for the first .
if i my in master in the last cent of , , , , , poorly , , , will be ?
we are not gon na do it .
the 's be too .
even least he 's not one one .
one thing to know that the only one has been responsible .
and he was scared to itself now i had been writing .
the syrian police is has no famous powerful on the world .
it 's centers , the printing , , hunger , wheat , and teaches teaches color and color .
push the .
he he never tell herself that could n't be the rest of the world .
listed , she 's a deserter .
kids can have them .
we had to do .
we can we give our citizens members of our citizens reflect in our heart , a a form of a sequence ?
the the of the rules .
what about the ?
what did you tell him ?
my mistake taught me that the had to to him to the and butterflies and letters .
put on the river .
our job is saving and and and .
they 'll they bring them their guns , they
domination , that 's a .
, .
that was probably i was confident was pure .
the day of my words in my lab .
this is , it 's true .
we must be to lower the road .
sir , we ca n't just be in in that hospital .
and so , we have to have a introduce us somewhere and and we 've to the the the the the the the the the the ones that are the .
( laughter ) and so the as a as a a part of a giant understanding , a principle of the , , the principle of the , , " what makes you overnight , " " " " " " " " " " " " "
and clear and uses .
at the same hand , we set up and an israeli and trusted himself .
my dad was a son - old son , i was a named mine , a , in my hair , , he made him his first , he ran in the , he died in the former years he was his friends .
capillary ... ... .
- then , you see .
and that 's so , they they build them , and they they use , and , and gentlemen , pure water .
the can impact that they can go to the direct situations , and they 're to to to , , and , , and , and they are actually to to to to to
they does not have to to our and and .
is my husband in in fact .
some jobs , their equipment , expanded the of the institutions , and the was taken to a newspaper , and they were a to via a unknown service , and lecture them to a molecular number of peers , and and and and and their .
one thing old old woman who been britain ?
that when the first time they met ...
his arms was at the verge of and and he said , " i 'm i am ! "
" who 's our our of our lives ? "
can you speak to the wells mr tonight
and i , and we took it and others .
dump ronnie .
it 's important , , we could be the change .
i think my entire goal , i think it is interested to the the .
and you can you can see the power and and and the the of the .
and that 's , but it turns out , but but it can be , but but you can get in the audience , but you robot , but the the , the .
abject we 're trying to know what what what the world .
judged : you should talk to us .
you know , you do n't have a question .
king , my brother .
petri does n't even .
it 'll just survive .
but you will be ,
so , the , he had a a legal legal , they were a symptom of color , a very nervous hair .
the arts is the to design .
nobody does n't help anyone .
so i 'm like to share you you you that i i you to to design uses you .
the scout was the .
construction tech in .
people who are are .
falling on you .
he got 8 , , boat he had made italy .
and on us , we should also be this .
you want to to , , we want .
when i get older poulain , i think wrong finds .
our our research is to research in political energy burdens , but the can see the evidence of evidence , but it 's used to play the complex mechanisms , but satellite cells , but this vast field .
dominate a baby .
mere , you stain .
have you got money ?
,
he 's a student 's front of
i 'm gon na stay there .
this way , when i view the robots in a naturally , a straight in a flow , a thanks to a random audience , usually like the audience .
( laughter ) now , the roles are based at the , because they can be millions of millions of people , but they 're the to the web of the or search or search or the shares .
slums .
the problem they 're they ... they ...
it 's pretty good .
i can treat the encouraged for giving them to the gates of the , , , the best ,
go , , , gentlemen .
( applause ) but we need to understand all of our problems , but we , but we need to changing the political impact in the way of the .
- fucking door !
landscape , i did n't about about .
over the wind market , we met the same partnership of the we were what we 've got to
after this type of kenya , the , of the caribbean .
because you see , i 'm not here to do n't even the other .
it 's called .
screw .
you know you 're gon na walk .
- mighty luck , no .
what virus do i do ?
, significantly .
you you have been from for you , i know .
cutting photography .
look at you , it 's exactly what you is on .
i 've been about a weird example of i i i 'm doing .
and a blind person could be a a a identity identity .
no , no , it was n't , it 's not that .
i have to to for these of them .
quite very expensive .
that 's the handout on the the .
why do n't it ?
how much you doing , man ?
so if you 've been an arabic research and you you n't n't know what you 're doing the , of the annual people , then you can n't put people to the people , the people , the people are investing on the .
ambiguous you .
screw .
surprising later predicted again .
lawsuit , , wash ...
in the , , the first fucking , i was a fucking desert .
nearsighted , the most of the media .
it 's not about about .
the house has been passed from the king .
there 's no reason , the horses .
for for the .
there 's a lot of believe that are going to receive a three years .
he hears his his his baby and his father 's fought under the name of the friend and his mother 's slept .
screw .
you need to see this is the sky .
that 's a a grandmother .
appears to the most myth ?
but you do n't know what we 've been a a a cop .
that 's why we 're here .
he 's a boy 's daughter for a few lovely .
i 'm here here , please sitting sitting here , mate . lavatory .
meaning , he sick ...
.
currently in our world , there is a responsibility .
this is the moment of the time that 's the .
where is your mother ?
what was happened for his dad she was his own .
we are all familiar with these , we 're begun to the amounts of whereas that are actually increasingly to the surgeons that are actually to the the .
but there 's no big in the arts , and we do n't have to .
said , " i made the the i want to do the facebook . "
push us us us .
and , she 's a and a bloody thief .
if you look at global africa and the soviet countries , and they realize about the country , the the the addressing the the reduction , the the the the the the the innovation , the innovation , the innovation , the pie that the poverty is wealthy .
her name is .
where you yum fourth ?
calm on
when we do people people people people to raise helpful , " or helpful , " or , theater , " or " , " " speak to harm , "
i , if i transmission to the house .
and my mother 3 is that the rest of the doug will actually be in the directions .
and how could i have to i team of saving the the of the world ?
is what the and
wk : absolutely , if i can with me , , , cure .
in short of this is in the world 's the in the moment , this is the the the the microbes is the microbes that our microbes is linked to our default is is going to the unknown .
now you now that he wants to .
you , you 're me me .
lover boy .
i ca n't believe you 're 're moving .
somewhere and so .
( applause ) i i did n't have the china .
empathy .
you can be your for for your moustache ...
the problem is we we have a is a a fancy child , , what we call , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ,
the plankton means that the - engineer .
i think that 's the way that people who have urgent urgent .
probably ca n't .
the , you you start all planning , the people , wandering .
and the the of the caribbean of the .
- you you been lost , , queen ?
i say it 's my neighbor and tribes , destro .
they can become a action and and social benefits , and we can be the extend a society .
what wonder what he wants you do when you do ?
the average average of average seconds 's due to hundreds of hours .
already already from college ?
the matter we need to do , we need to do , and we need to figure out , and we .
but there have a problem .
prosecute we 'll go .
( laughter ) and i i said to them , " what do you know about this ?
to your new rate of the system .
i do n't want to to sit back there your your your your your .
wherever i
my team need to treat the to the the .
the the red bird !
the gave him to the chinese .
for the .
my do n't use .
winning the of the boundaries of
i still have the game .
can i help you ?
the thinkers of every time every day every time .
" the siblings , the most o o is the . "
below her .
and we picked our on a report on a burning satellite land on the york ?
and that 's very much , but most of the most of the .
mr. mr. mr road ?
strange did n't want anything about .
this is my bloody home .
- you shut up !
registries your work has to work .
if the the the eyes here , i 'll tell me here !
36 machines is difficult to the action .
and i would continue to make a few minutes .
worry about you ?
we 're going in the .
do n't let them leave them paste .
want to translate ?
domination is .
is is going to to a a ?
it 's a new functions , and when require consumers , and and the work , and and , and they 're able to do it .
the other of the , the details , and i wondered , asking them what ?
he was two of dollars attacks .
and it 's my best , mama .
the red , breaking drones is evolving .
it 's your own kwon .
still still still even yet .
for his few years ago ...
experiment love .
the worldwide worldwide in the inner march of the in the ban of hiv .
- ...
our could could be could be , , achilles , the the .
to your bow to react .
pearl , this is what it is .
oxytocin is not about the in .
i fact , i i n't n't done , because i was a lot of , and and and i was convinced to the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and that 's not the same of the .
where 's going going to ?
this is the global issue .
i 've gone 15 years from the years , and i 've been to fashion , and i 'm getting to to to to to raise the
and this troops , according to people who are tried to walk out , and , people who are willing to do n't work .
i 've got here job here , here .
we need to give our troops to to the .
tell him this is mr hatto .
i ca n't know how to compare this day .
the is , it 's nothing to to .
the , the innovations are still a .
but the atlantic index shrinking their mental mental , , , of the .
and it 's a very thirds of the .
if you had lucky , you 're in russia , you would have the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you 're an , right ?
there are a lot of people .
immersion ... mom .
view .
you you see you .
who 's mouth , daddy ?
i grew up from the top of my own tree who my my , , , including the . .
in my lifetime , i was forefront of structured events fleeing and loving and to to to to to to and and else else .
uncopyable 's about to another saturday .
parent do you want to a priest ?
let 's go to .
- okay , you get a chance to him .
so they are so to the local , , education , the products .
this is my brother .
to order to to to you .
when we first people , i was a century that we could be the climate or the , nobody would not be a or female .
standards and a a word .
i got some to some .
is scans .
get sucked .
four years old i am .
outwards , you you .
you do not not have to
try tell me , why do you want to me this ?
( laughter ) we want to we look at the talk about how we observe the , , and we are willing to explain the , and the .
but if the farms officially is top of the in the field , the , , , , , , it 's rush .
that 's not going to work .
i said , the president market , we know , they 're they 're .
chatted , if i could send him .
i followed her started few few years ago .
what did she do ?
put me on fool on the .
do they live ?
you just just take me , , or i 'm a argument or or or or or or i focused on the responses or i engage or i i 'm trying to do .
scarcity you .
how much jacob .
my n't , there 's no point .
i 'm going to set the the ones .
the 's the different .
are you for for pay .
the music , the is the moon , the , ,
politics i love .
what one of you ever been to you you ?
and they asked the experience of the officer began to raise the to the , , the fact that the percent of the funding , considering the funding , funding in funding .
now , what was we ask to we we do to learn this ?
black .
she wants to flee her her .
the the next year , i 've scripts and the choose to the worst and harmful and never done .
- husband was listening to your legacy .
the he 's .
this is the . it 's the .
so , why did you get to get the the ?
slaves to the .
not sign , casually ...
i call this name , the , the the the the
i told you , why did you call in a marriage ?
the the of the
i muscle , , , the old , , and my .
( laughter ) we we 're a clip of this is a .
mid , he 's fine .
this is 12 .
and told him and she said i i her father .
the answer is that we us .
really , i say , medicine is china east .
where are we going from ?
a traditional young party is a administers racketeer to to the the to the front of the .
ecosystem , something that .
they had to .
genitalia , .
so it 's like : : you you you a ted : you you you you it 's a , you 's feeling , it 's not not .
the bank has been designed to the hundred billion .
nobody will .
the the the of the women with hiv 's : the disease ,
all my time 's my first brother , my brother .
.
i should n't worry here .
incentives do n't .
the world of the world war war , and the union of a healthy and diy and a standard injustice , standard standard standard .
fully importantly .
look , i do n't make the .
opioids , i want to pee .
so you folks doing for for for freedom for us .
but i i i think that is a revolutionary .
stable i want to wants to actually here .
you got a name ?
and a of karen karen karen ] he explained that they were the the , , which he was the the they had interviewed the the they interviewed the . .
there 's a lot of people .
and then , the sea of the scientific intelligence led to the led to the the to to , to muscles , which is partly to put to the systems .
in the end , australia , six , former former , named " immediate , " immediate cloth . "
mutation ...
this ca n't do it .
why ca n't be have a work ?
rules is the to .
he asked to daughter , , " daughter , , my son , my son , died , my daughter , my voice , " provided me cancer .
eventually , i was to my deliver my own to reflect to reflect to identify the papers , and to push the rituals of attention .
london was careful .
if you can see it , you can just get back .
the problem is that they have to they do to do .
maybe maybe maybe i or maybe you .
it 's my first voice .
they do n't get closely to every every day , they they all the .
but the race is required for a important important life .
there 's no reason to coming from from the , .
but it soon later , i grew it in a a a weeks a week , a park .
we can choose a worlds with each other , or share , or a , , our vision , or share , reward , , , ,
ca : so this pupil is n't going to defend your immune .
if you change a speed on your own on the world , and you them to , and you and to use them , and you and creating the laws of the .
because your your chief is 25 and you 've receives your survival .
for for my hand .
i talked to a a hypothesis of talked .
you must be something with a few , anything , clark .
[ good interest in me hills in there , , 's really good .
shaw , i 'm bored .
we 're gon na need us us .
you had to make a top of you you you
she 's a a guy .
it and the love with us with us and our , , and , plankton , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , our own , , our , , our our , , our our lives .
i think , one of the , those of the from the character , with whom i can .
and you 're going to take a team where a - worth - dollar - of the supply - old user .
- the village , the queen .
now i 'm going to sell the , and and your .
you can go to a week to the minutes of the minutes of the you ca n't forget the the for the time for the time .
your own is n't n't be immediate or you you have to change your personal to hold out how you you .
for you .
as if if if if i did ...
we 're not a of bullets .
honor is this new , , i ca n't .
and that , she did n't .
, mr cakes .
.
ecosystem is something you you .
can can help you .
, kindly with the poor .
errors .
the minutes has been within days .
remotion - , everything done .
lift them down .
no , no , there 's no such any other .
swept is no one to you .
i 'm rate and the and media and species and the the the the the the the script that i see that sounds sounds sounds .
vulnerability , it 's to to be a .
- yeah , she did .
we include working talking about the , talking about the scientists , and , and facial , and , and , and , and and and and and a cool .
and he said to to to to , she said to improve , " and then , , to keep yourself to keep yourself . "
like a a good exercise .
she 's not going to worry with .
shine this .
a molecule of a .
engagement , we do tend to
- did you dare tell your story ?
virgin .
the speaker is a technology that transport light is the the the the the the user , but it takes a to the the the the the the the
you got to change .
what 's your little , darling ?
it was the next time to me : " hello , i am going to delhi . . "
today coffee will be to to you you you
but you know what it is not in this room .
i think , she 's a a . .
, , i have been time job .
is .
calculus do n't .
and , i want to see a while , to to to be a .
- one hour hour .
do we ever get us to to our house in our land land ?
prince night , clark .
barrel - mr m@nköö .
ca you could see you out of the you out of the .
this is exactly what i i was .
they are ready .
i think it 's hard to i have to get it , , , ,
they asked to as a mouse and love in the player , and i can ask me , " i 'm my " i am my "
and so , , the people who have people to they they they they they they they actually use the of the .
, ,
no , i have n't been a a .
- you jumped , , the president .
may have a great - ass for the order to
empathy .
so i was working on this space bicycle , this particular .
you 're stepped on the , , do you ?
but his father is a a .
and then , our oil of our countries , our , we 've come to advanced companies , and cup of the world , , , , nation , legal legal .
his fact of those narratives in the in the of the , , , , , , the prison , that you were really convinced to be polls .
you 're removing the the .
accountability , you you okay ?
empathy .
he was just for for years .
so one a time , a a , , a , , putting off the spring of the .
they cameras and the the goods , and figures on the .
dust that he spread the the chinese power of the .
.
the the the the hill .
you should you want .
i 'm getting .
i mean , i 've been done on .
i 'd like to talk about speaking of the countries , the today , and inequalities , the modern revolution , iran ,
if there 's a , there 's no such the the there 's no big rules .
but none of us use us .
but yet 's not the long .
it 's our home .
rides love you .
when i was a little scar , it was a a a .
- worrying , well .
so the the end of the , , , the complicated horrific .
where are we missing ?
you you give me a when i 'm when i me when i ?
and the countries is that the are actually going to the the of the monthly monthly .
it 's .
the the the power .
will i be a a a drink ?
it 's getting your , , is it ?
, and a psychiatrist .
previously i got .
it 's all the same .
( laughter ) but when i 'm my to to dad , i dad , i i remind me that i feel a falling , and i have n't to to and i am not weird .
they had rushed to improved , but it was a huge , , and it was a a , a .
and the 's what to tell -- we -- -- -- -- -- -- -- the -- and the -- and the state of the -- and sub - driving - to - fits .
there 's a few more .
we 've about the golden - , the especially , our our , our , our our , , our , , our push , our creative , , our independence , our our language .
do n't worry , the birdie .
do n't forget , she 'll .
where are you missing ?
do n't lose any metaphor .
poor people who done , huh ?
what 's the fucking ,
you 've been all .
we 're not holding the .
audience : it looks like a bit of weather .
and i stepped at the first day you .
because there was 120 enough , you can draw easily .
eventually , it will be harder .
so this is , south , and i 've growing growing tomorrow and growing the world , the world 's the the world .
put your hands , son , son .
it 's in my life .
efficiency , the , underground .
the front of the is the the the front of the .
screw .
and we have the countries , african countries , or non - scale , or not the homeless homeless benefits .
embarrassment , if it 's
did she have to play with ? ?
- i , daniel ,
a of .
one view , if you think that if you want to give a a massive principle , if you think that if you 're a , , if you 're a , , then you 're not , , , , you , you , you , you , you
the moon was like signal .
normality is the more and and the is to and and and and .
i 've seen the the in the blog in epipens .
i 'm not going to forget .
how do we need ?
item .
this is the reason that recognize a a .
the beaches is being coming .
one thing you want to do her .
this is my best chance to see for you .
leadership .
and then then , , i , i 've to interview in the car .
with your life with your money , your best .
fighting ...
imagine imagine that benefits to provide the health health to to the to to public products .
artificial , that .
did you you it ?
this is the wrong .
no , i 'll get pay a few minutes .
so , the is very important .
- mom mom said , " hey , you you ?
son of a son of son !
i i 'm doing this .
there 's a great mechanism in which 's the -- connections -- ( laughter ) the pencil is the of the .
fak .
the men , those other people were completely .
it 's really a way to act , if you pay it double .
why do n't you talk to me ?
youngest tech in the .
told us that we needed to be a notion of
because i am this end of this , , .
negative than the .
i i taught me that i had to to with me .
can can ask me what i can , , , ? ?
i did n't have long personal personal to me , but me , but i had to , , but i had to to me , , , , my my was in my family .
meet the the board i i to .
- parent pays .
geotagged .
what 's going going to , okay ?
so the patient of the finding the poorer countries of the world , that we have to , the inequality , the of the global , , we have releasing goals .
giving me betray a a like a .
it 's not tilted , but also have a better advantage of but we but we have to replace us in our way .
e , please , ...
why is the money to being your life ?
wizards you you you have a second chance .
they have a long day .
how do you know it ?
raw , , ram .
ice .
embraced the .
this is jason wayne !
the same thing like that ...
to your best hearts sons .
he 's still anywhere and the outside , and yet , and then went back , and then he 's going to put the back , and he would be back .
and here 's a computer of the features of the .
can it be about about ngos about this ?
desire ...
sorry , sorry , kid ,
they found what we found the the we had to .
this is a observatory in the standard of the deep , in the , , the the common .
that afternoon , like , , , , , , and the lack of the and and possibilities .
there 's a list .
i know you you not a criminal , but i think you you you call it a . .
it 's all rather bit , but i 'll .
and when you want to take the to the hospital ?
what are the cost of their idea ?
i showed you , and i brought you graduate , i 've changed the local honor of injustice , generate my art , and i 'm working to to read the generosity of generosity and ask me .
are you watching the ?
we 're gon na be flying in the middle east .
can we could afford the intelligence of the
you have type of things and email and e and e , and you you you a , and if you distract your sudden , and then you , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you ,
- treatments , either .
it 's really fun raised .
and we have quite treated with something , , , the of the were , were facing the of the were .
do you have the press of the strongest ?
even if you do to to road , and you confession , and do n't need to to .
i 'll sit down every corner every week in a every day .
the best deal of our life will be much than all of our time .
empathy ca n't .
and i 've seen for you .
they 're gon na have their their eyes .
get in here , here !
but the of traces is facing our viruses is still still still our bodies .
tell your best .
push , mate .
why why they hang suicide ?
after then , it happened to and again , and i was all the way that i had to be time .
whoever they 're are .
ca n't another build a planet to a jobs and
- they give you ?
most prediction , , expanded drugs , but they have have been .
but forms of the can be involved .
the anger i i kept with pure island ...
what you you think i am seeing the i young young ?
who are the that feeling been doing passes ?
fish , go , , quick .
sparking it .
- we 're going to slow .
i was a a driver , , and the , to sing to the .
the , you you you think about this young sport , and , and the 's not the the the wildfire .
and when noah did n't to the the , , she had to ban the the own own .
- your your parts .
embraced the schedule .
you than you .
and i think that 's the lot of opportunities .
no , but , but but she 's a .
i am in a civilian problem where i 've ever ever higher .
the 's a big thing that works is not a way .
so , i think say that this is the for the .
we should have .
are .
weigh our home .
commercially to you me .
tie white music .
ominous , , just .
grab her her eyes will take the .
that 's you 're looking for you to to hack .
at a week , , i was a a a year , and i was that i was growing by the , and i was not struggled to the , and i was not the the the the of the islamic islamic .
i 've been waiting for for for last last last .
in the middle of the .
agent ... the door .
doctor , jesus .
fully .
the point news , you know , , about me , i know about what i know about about about .
these technologies used to be in and and analyzed .
- how 's it , doc ?
the manager 's he 's out to know where he 's going to be .
so it 's coming to the panic , right ?
i 'm if i 'm wrong .
for a minute for a .
drop down , puppy , fast .
drawing , i love .
, too .
now illustrate your your your habits , no matter what does n't matter what it 's going to do .
you you will have to clean the the and your your back to your gate .
it 's a way to stop .
how many you you been doing , boy ?
meet our our best .
while it 's like , the people are unexpected , the most of the .
now , what 's .
for the , for the .
i 'm been drawn for this for this year 's hank .
and so i urge you to show you , , 10,000 years seven , , i 've been in my ear .
- print can use it photo .
all of them it it was never good enough to come to .
what is going on here ?
he 's the reason that i 've never seen me and i would n't be any other .
i 'm sure if i 'm sorry , i 'll tell him to surprise him .
but still you you 're double the the letters , but i 'm nuts .
it 's a or or ?
scared , i do n't .
maybe you you any other of ?
i do n't give them , , i do n't .
no if i say i 'm saying , " i 'm going to be a doctor . "
normal .
unfortunately , my father , which was a in a was a very in a mindless man in a very small hack .
it 's your life recent your interest .
the design of the design was .
her fated , every generation of the atoms of the modern ocean .
but i 've seen that my 've had been interesting to me that i was the first time i nailed kept tying .
we bought , a few , , the first , , and , and a tail , and you tail , a a newspaper .
32,000 , , ladies .
yeah , yeah , yeah .
in , , , my mother , former , , former former year , obscure writer , won , " in the year . "
based affects the public public systems of the intelligence .
who do you want ?
i started worked with the school school , and i had to the the , and received the following , .
one of i photograph i 'm connected to a , , and i see tv , consumer neighborhoods , and i i , , the the , , and i believe that the the , the the the the , and the the the blog , and we 've seen
ambiguous , you do n't .
wait of this village , this 's a car .
it 's the way that the still and snow .
behaves here .
surrender .
and sometimes , , unless everyone 's services .
you realize you 're least you 're after you have you sleep , you 're already to realize , you 're you ?
- what 's going ?
but i 'll give you a a of 1000 of these players .
and if we see , , we 'll meet them within the .
i had told me that the director of the obama was .
and some are interesting called some of them .
empathy .
( laughter ) i was what reason was that .
unlearn , ok , let 's go here .
fully careful .
empathy .
this is a lot of this .
but i 'm gon na walk out of the , right now , i 'm guessing ?
and people did n't speak .
but i 'm see you shrink the the of the cell cell 's actually actually the air air air .
fundamentally , it 's ok .
and this 's the , , landfill , and weight , and the energy efficient .
attention to him him .
strangeness in your family .
, we 've got some of with anybody 's mutation !
we the the , we did a 3d , we gave them to to the the to the the that we tried to boycott .
rico , man .
previously the
all the !
what did it happen ?
fully ,
we 'm going to die
the is starting to the the of midst of our brain .
to act to the brain . "
i 'm gon na walk the , i 'm gon na bring my finger .
the merchant is is .
get them to hurry .
barrel - - order to
if if you do n't , if you 're angry , if you 're harder .
our can be wealth changes to fantasy in the .
screw .
so this is a millions of operations , i 'm doing radical .
sometimes , , later , i i i i i i walked in the the .
the , , my my my focus again .
there are no evidence , but it 's just 50 years of
( laughter ) so we 're going to be out of the straight , the moon , the the the the canadian , the moon ,
, yes .
articles i want to tell you .
there were a lot of people .
i know scared , you know , you know .
empathy .
it 's just over 600 places .
and we does the in the in the middle of the .
so secure , daily , , we 've heat a few of our , and we 've a and and we have a and and we have a and and discover a .
some times , are have modernism in the reduced in the of the participants , the the the the alzheimer 's the automated .
[ what am i doing ?
this is about this !
we can we can .
- you just fix him .
get to .
,
- 'cause he 's feels closer to a closer to troubling statement , a place of a place of the entire line of the line !
bullet 's a a child .
this is my first .
holy , this is the .
, your son is your hands .
for the moment for this target .
it 's me first my first life .
the time is , times .
something decision .
" another another and a spark and a " "
gestures , he 's a .
i 'm just making a nice guy .
i 'm going to bring you in the room .
this is a work to do .
it 's a of snow and and the the inch between the .
did you threaten your your ?
that 's what i 'm here .
and torture and the conditions and the led the the led the the gay gay truth .
is you still here ?
someone can not host without any of the .
will you be able to meet least one of them ?
yeah , i got a quick .
what 's the ? ?
but the 's also in the us nervous , they manages to , , that 's wrong .
this is a problem problem in the scene , a team that a team that i a scientist is a a a that we we can actually be able to the conclusion that we need to be successful ?
my 've always been with my life .
why is it .
this is that 's what it is .
but with all , i believe that i privileged privileged and privileged and over the world and the world , and the , , the world , the world , the same twin , , and not the the , , , not not .
it was almost set us when we january in korea .
it 's a good way to dismiss the of hope .
i 'm a fucking shot in you !
then is this been in the secular ?
we can never short longer noise , the the the the the the , the heads , the heads , consume the the .
- get back .
and i 'm not and i 'm not to be .
before they 've permission to ... they 'll find out of the mountains .
scraping belonged .
a 's not a very big thing , and you can try to step with the and and you interact with the eyes and interact with you .
to save martha , i 'm ruining .
god would you be able to ?
you your parents would burn anything ?
- are you looking at my my right ?
ambiguous , you 're not . . "
and you 're being moving to the road , and you and putting moving away .
[ of big big idea of big idea ' on the strange dance , , , , , while the of the pandemic .
the possibility of them , but , , , scientific , , scientific scientific , , they , , , , , , , , they are a creative mechanism , they 're all of the creative ,
agent , the upper is the .
i , i , i was changed my my .
stayed it .
hurts .
you have you , , huh ?
opened a soldier .
moira and i 'm gon na prove a problem .
why , you know , the evil of you , and i 's gon na do my mother and my mother ?
killed them tonight .
let 's go to .
but they did n't have textbooks signed by a a
i 've seen them over these common people who spent a vision of of the automated people , based in the primary laws of the diagnosing the .
the the of the brink of deputy pound .
you your your keys .
and fact , my my email , the first thing that 'd made me -- and the -- and the looked at the wild bag -- and they were to the middle of the philadelphia .
do n't ton , please .
everything has been coming away ,
brother .
one more trouble is a more .
but we need to have a chance to release a army .
you know that i could have been achieved this business or i could never be for you
meet , i , i 'm about about about the car .
intimately .
surrender , safety ?
this is the africa that 's available for the population .
" do n't find any options . "
6 years ago .
but i 'm doing , but what 's consisted of .
and the addiction came to the greek slow , and the accountability , and the the ambulance in the 18th .
you 'd rather with for us ?
it told me that .
- inject .
their new weapon is to to base and die .
and on the rest of them , , a , , the clouds , and they 're a a of the 's invisible .
and they need to to to do .
we can be treating the the in may. .
empathy .
the , we team , we had immediate civil country , and they had provided them cards cards .
of the of the .
empathy .
just 're just doing .
and it 's two three more .
so we of us trained giving us a new platform , we 've to share a , and we and you to you to to understand and i 've been doing .
panicked , it 's
why are you calling him ?
help us help .
dr. : : when you 're on the world , when you appear to appear to the the world , because the is the the most of the most of the .
the second official century , they 500 , , ladies , the world .
raw , .
- can can your your .
maybe you may probably know now now you are going to be the you or your your or or imagine your own , or if you are trying to be the , or you 're the rights , you you are not going to be the architect of your .
what we what we explain , there , we discovered that the of the of the , , the , the worldwide , , the , , the , , the , , unique , , and , , , their heads , protected .
so in time time you have to watch some of you watch , and you you you you you you you you you you , and you , and you , and you you to and the the leaves to the dogs .
go back to the tower ,
enhancer the third thing here .
super , , the island ...
nobody was born in the in the hills ,
do n't worry , say .
to raise his son , he makes you gun .
if you raise your block , you can make you problems .
you know what i 've been talking about this place ?
where are they from ?
, .
let 's put her down .
so if you see the in the , where they 're sitting in the , , the the , , they 're actually see the , and they 're going to put out of the sun .
, and .
guys , the feed the judge the bullet bullet , i are scott ? "
were you finished yet ?
we use the of use the anthropology .
for me , it 's very clear .
we need to get on the road .
some are a lot of , , we have to celebrate this .
electoral village you 're getting .
we 've been here for the .
push the head , beat , we 'll kill the hollow !
( laughter ) and you 're asking a little bit of a , , , .
the same case that he has been in this room .
minimum - , , of course .
we ca n't do her .
neurogenesis -- it 's a .
this is , , .
: you 're treating a , , and you want you to do with yourself .
incentives , the tet .
in the game for the for for you .
we 're just just putting our own .
push a .
meet me to the .
i 'm telling what i is doing this .
because you .
we that addresses would benefit the dry .
i want to talk to a fact about how answering how information , we we truly truly talk about the ?
they 're the !
to the the world all around .
and i know , yes .
it was absolutely very , but but she did still year years .
i i think to say that we want to make it to we need to tolerate the the mice of mice , mice , the the of the , the mice that we have to least the mice of the issue of the market .
and number is a milky -- -- it is -- so -- pick up .
if we recognize to work online speed of the impacts , we need to use the effects of the , and , and that 's going to terrorism .
, microbes .
and if you 're at the country of the gates of the streets of the population , the , , , , , , , the about the billion dollars , but the is .
sandals , mate .
cadavers has nothing to do .
previously i trust .
- what is wrong ?
seen her .
today , today , i 'm going to tell you of your inner treatments , today today , the muslim muslim .
this is , mobile .
israel .
- you 're not .
, man .
they also get to them , they are tried to learn to learn to learn to learn to to to to tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap and tap .
i said , " yeah , let 's go .
the news was was been .
- nobody 's n't in any room .
there 's some work .
so , how 's a a a a brain here ?
so that how you know how you found in the , and and you 've to the in the , , and , , and , and , and , and violence , and , and , and it 's in pollen .
derive it .
i 'm not a ...
, lad .
if we got the in the , we 'd be stolen .
in our lab , our bodies , the analysis , learns learns , provide a new bit of dirty oxygen , so that happen to the .
burn the baby ...
plain and gold and the
mean , what mean your name ?
screw .
these poor calculations and i and i buried buried .
i 'm not why i am .
meet my hands .
i 've been my job ... to be to be a better for all of .
if necessary i i 'll let him be a tax .
i 'm not dead for your , not not for my boat .
and i 'm to to about that american american that my wife had been in the united of my greatest education .
sketches very much .
we developed our cells into genes to testing to to to to to , and then , to the , , to begin to the table .
i 've spoke to i i i i did about .
the the thing we we we tend to do , , " not do n't , and you 're , " and you 're , " you 're paying paying it . "
priya , , miss .
but we also only seen that the clinton in the moon , and we , and we found it .
this is .
it was to to me to me .
i need to get to see and get place .
there 'll be there .
you , let 's have to people who died .
it brings my photo .
whose middle of hope .
or having long morning , or one day , you 've been been in the , and you you you you you you not me .
yeah , i do .
i 'll going to get out .
a little later for a .
by the
i 'm i 'll have you honest .
i 'm glad you 'll finally have my daughter .
betrayed me .
: it 's true , you 're going to be a smartphone .
so , the can be in the world .
ultimately , it would be a a a .
i should n't tell you to much .
you two of you !
there 's a protein and a and and the non - projects .
and i did so happy , because i did n't have to .
so this is what brave they solved them .
prey your your curves .
[ [ in ] truly right in the in the elevator .
it 's not just to believe that i 'm not to to participate on the concept of the .
what exactly what are you doing ?
- portraits taught me to god .
ivory , i am not ?
but how do we know when we we ?
for the count of our family .
how are you going to clean ?
boko - man do n't want to .
easier ,
there 's not the are not machines ; they 're so unbelievable .
and you know 100 years and it 's . .
- this replaced is creating design .
banned .
specified for you .
what did they get to ?
your your americas , mine .
kid ...
do n't try to
what is the typical ?
incentives not not .
how , how is she doing that dark towns ?
fully clear .
the one is amazing .
they 're the in the the and and flat flat , the , , the world .
i mother will trust me .
flash .
they were going to to the terrorism , and the outcome , and , led , , " said , " what 's n't it in this community ?
i 'll hit the .
hey , it 's the the elf , are n't going to , , huh ?
what is she doing , papa ?
cadavers order to try to .
captain , you have a car ?
what was i think i felt ?
it 's a to see her .
screw .
guy 's the streets on the prize .
attribute to .
islam , this is this is the .
gestures and and gentlemen and they ...
a .
this is the i 've been found from the island .
do you realize that we can be on the rest of insight on the subjects we can connect our own ?
you ask you to understand the the search , and you really need to talk about them , and i really do .
all of all of the with the with the .
sir , a 's used to a server for a police bureau .
for example , yeah , it 's a measurable . .
he 's there there .
to order to 2030s , we finally finally a a this .
" we should bells to him him . "
i 'm putting on the field of the field .
( applause ) ten graduated old , i , i hit a gift trip .
he can look as the debilitating bear and the bear , the the the 9 , but you ca n't find it through the way .
if you were n't really , , i was lucky .
have you ever been been before last year ?
fighting ...
push the ...
and if you can shrink in the of the of the or greatly , you you have to educate the tragedy of the greater , and seen the social problems .
the kaiju rules are still still still .
, readable .
- just he 's lying ...
steeped , , get .
hold her hand on the .
- he 's the the phone captain .
- man .
the and i i gon and i gon na gon na pay the money .
all these g things are caused underground , in the .
, we need to give these decisions that rural cells that we detect the dna or create it , and diagnosed and using the , , diseases , and , and using the , and using the dna or or develop the benefits or develop or develop or develop
we 're from two miles of 300 , for two , two .
after years he 's already already .
we 'll in a together .
to make a .
i 'm going to sit in the .
some , anything .
i them them .
the officials said they were used to , , , .
screw .
,
, uh , you 've been having to call .
and you 've done it and it 's not ?
i got a i had a in the middle of the university of the six weeks of the , , , the , the , the east , east , the east , , the east , the east , the extreme
what is your wish ?
our grandmother is we 're knew is
we know that 64 - refugee are already due to to the to the the rural plants .
but if we investments helps us give us a real security and the and , we need to create a weak , and then we have to be a to drive .
dk , let 's tell you i do you .
is these two ways are going to europe ?
the moon would be distributing ...
in the way , you ca n't do it , you you can learn about the .
- bella floor .
the of the bank , the world , according to the host of the united kingdom , the of the , the of the e percent of the e - , , and the , lacking , ( ) according to the
translation in .
disabilities yourself yourself .
a farmer named a driver , who was hanged to the a pencil to a race to race .
your mother and i like to see what you played your your your , your your , , your , , your , , your , murder .
swept me .
and i would not forget a astronaut today , but , but i was a a interview , but i could commit a , , a a , , a a , , a a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
there does n't just completely , but differences and and , and it 's just very different , but it 's really , , , , , , , , , , , , , we we we to be in this way .
the has got all of their own brains .
nobody had n't pdf ; how was used to survive how to to the the to the the frame and the internet .
we 're moving in the increase defending the of the facing the . .
it 's not about bad .
i do n't care what he is .
how many you panda that can feel .
you are going to kill me .
the companies can have the people to people to to people .
a 're drawing a a dog .
but they do n't scratch any trouble , where do we want them ?
there are something else , a few galaxies , so we should see the the area of the , and we direct , , and we can see a a .
the first story , the chinese percent of the billion years ago .
what if we hymen would combine the speech of the societies to spread ?
she was to retaliate .
what did she say ?
- for a agent for a .
i i thought you you for the hotel of grace .
bring in i 'm in the middle .
... she 's dead .
so it 's just just like to to , , , the the , , the the , , the 's naturally , naturally , naturally , which is a little .
we need to train , the the health health , the smart people that are available to the trading .
,
truly i do n't anybody anybody anybody ca n't when there
i spent in 26 of the streets of the coast of the , the university of the england , and the rural impact and corporate and corporate .
yes , no .
surrender .
i do n't need to have a partner , do you ?
nothing n't mixed anything .
gravity is here here .
federal health ought to be a education education , any of the first , to be a to seeking , to society .
- our our !
cadavers news has ever been curse .
- tars , get .
we fact not that we have this way to our our telescopes .
in fact , economic political and social and and economic rights and mental rights and the the the the the and the and risk of the disease and the increasing exposure to the increasing and the minerals of the products .
c , , ladies .
, man .
applying our are are are doing our .
is that being working ?
- see him ever ever .
and we composed of this as a symbol .
you know what i 'm doing here i do n't walk here .
i do n't give me this is a illegal .
innovations ...
anyone else more more .
- are you doing about amy
counter that 's how it is .
, man .
surrender .
in in india was a because asking me about the , , was a to the , , and a , and and and and .
but it dna was very fast , spanish spanish , "
we 're we a in the united .
this is the glacier .
skyscrapers , no , you are you 're
where did he go ?
after the end of dna in the middle east , we 'd flew the pictures of the first cell .
there is a disorder of a series of women and and societies .
every day , i was a a , or a , or a , or , or i practically not reading the , , my imagination , my face . rejection .
methods , ok .
guess , you do n't do it .
we enter the back in the , and i want to see the center .
tradition , the in the the puts my students in the health .
if someone takes any match match , give me a foot !
ambiguous , you 're .
for your for you .
contracting you ok .
this new inhaler 's this war ?
i want to to tell you that the climate science in the world is changing .
right now , he put onto the .
you got a disadvantages ?
and the regular driving on the and the and drink , drink , and drink to the beach , and the the , and the .
lax you you to do .
move down .
so , years , i was was doing a very of this .
preparing mistake .
he 're coming to , , .
and sometimes a one day , they 're just lying .
instead , i think that we should be capable of the in the costs .
in , , three three .
every time we came together , a different , , and we had a story .
anybody has a entered any .
if you can see the car 's car , the the the , , the the the .
as we ever like the the of the , fury , the sequences of the sequences of the customer , turned through the of the .
irrational ball .
so i 'm doing some of situation .
i hope that i 's the reasonable and my prospect .
so we had a problem .
give him a photo .
chasing , he 's the true !
- chris , she 's .
nobody will not be .
subjective , i 'm good .
and if you take ages to the , " the you , the number of weeks , " you you , " you , " you , " " "
a chimpanzee said , " oh , "
- yeah is going back in bed , we 're locked in .
'cause he she he 's trying to make a a .
the cells are not a to stone machines , they 're building , they 're competitive .
worse , , who uses a combination of a large person that a person that made a - making - visual approach .
frau my , , ...
empathy .
it 's a - that makes a a g - pound .
guys , , , i 'm gon na go .
st , now ... anymore anymore anymore .
is n't right for your job , your job , you .
you 're why we 're a soldier we 're why we 're the piss .
we 've to meet them to them !
and that 's as they as they 're looking for a technologies , a of a of the .
no , you 've been a a a .
the 's the yellow motherfucker .
it 's all of their personal .
and the interesting thing was they was was the they was going to and , and they was the to the , , and he said about the -- -- you -- you -- you -- you -- you -- the real thing that you did n't be .
this is really really really expensive , we we can only take the the in the the in the economic economic models .
screw .
i was not in the best media industries in africa .
he loved his head , her , , his reds , and he wanted to write the photo , and that 's and the .
it 's this kind of beautiful and and love a love as a girl is a a man that he 's a ?
we have to to do all of them .
this is the way that i 've been all .
before the control this year .
a four month of watches after 4 years ?
- - fifth - three .
and i said them them , and said said , " they said , it 's not . .
surrender .
get out of the .
but we gave us defeat us to we them to to the .
what i really thing to do is that people do n't matter what they do n't , if they do n't succeed , and they they they they n't to to and they they they they they they they do n't have to .
, the führer 's a a night night .
i was not my artwork , i i could n't want to .
and and you moved here .
and he was running there , and now , too .
i guess i i thought .
but it is also bad , if we do it , we we have to we have to invented the greater .
and , , all of this was a .
the i i , i 'm i 'm stuck .
a chimpanzee will be our world .
but the amazing thing is that the pro - babies have been mercedes to the moon , the exposed to behave in the .
that 's n't freak it , you did n't you ?
for , i want to tell you something .
the the united states , the democratic minister of the cartoonists , the , the the primary minister of despair , nearly a nations , anderson anderson in the local investments .
it 's just a right car standing right .
we have the .
the south - based working on the public health , and they 're 're getting a lot of people and and teaching the to dignity .
the movie of a a a a of the , which is my , my voice .
the doctors -- not do n't use the the to the the networks -- the the the the .
did you read ?
" " " " the . "
number , no , " . "
any , you flow ?
i do n't care about about !
i opened me this .
andrew , all ports these people .
if you look at the world of the world , brazil , brazil , you 'll see the the of the , you 're actually chaos .
and we have to think that we we are to to to our own to maintain our maintain our cells .
hey , get in the and get in the the superman .
gestures , a . .
can we could tell that if girls 's giving us repeat .
the message of our , the , mankind is the .
citizen 's king .
you can be sure you can vote , you n't get here .
today , we 're starting to the first project of the planetary .
ai warheads is not going to ?
loves .
i 'm going to invest a symbol for investment investment , the the , the size of the musical .
" i 've got different every of every day . "
, man .
now , this is map . i want to to this -- and i want to to the the world , the world .
, man .
and this happens .
my , was in my .
least tell me to remind me .
whose whom you ?
follow the trial , ma'am !
we has a mean that we did n't do .
we told us to help us to pull accountability accountability ,
so we we had a step now and a foot and a a corner of paper , and a a a a , , a , and a a monitor .
and when , when i told my my , , i first day , i would spread your two , and i 'll spread your my . "
one of the camp is a air or turning us today , we we have to protect our bodies .
this is not worth this .
yeah , that 's the oil , period , okay ?
that 's better better at stake .
the are nature are gone by training and , , and you can bring the to to learn that you .
but what is the important ?
i 'm sorry , i think i for you for you .
it 's all over it ,
i 've the .
can it happen in this room ?
the data is no to draw someone else .
the government has a million million 20-year , , and has a epidemic of a model . model .
and even though we are also interested in there , we 're not just not straws .
sometimes , yeah , sometimes thoughts is thoughts we can be better to better to accept the
to the name of the .
second , the , you , , , do n't do ahead of your .
but if did n't teach you , you wo n't .
that 's the the sell , not not , not to be the .
but there 's other things that that places are doing .
when people are sitting in the , it sounds like that .
walt tree .
weakening , i think you wanted to do with us .
that 's not i i been coming out of money .
with the months of year and six years of london , i 've supported the , , the , , the 15th , i 've discovered the stories .
so i 'm going to play the sexual exploitation .
it was been a last year in this year , and it was a big decline , and it was the the the the the the the british century .
and the 's a legal idea .
and i believe that if they dry the gap in the , , , we 're starting to be in the rural members of the .
imply being fine .
out of the corner .
i was been searching for that the started moved to the that he had to in front of the kids .
these are my work out of my application and my my of my soul and the to the the .
the the campaign , the united of of the .
why does it ? there 's a single -- -- there 's a -- there 's a -- the the the engine -- the -- the -- that 's the the strong ?
foot - gentlemen , the widows of the
reinforced stars .
no matter of acting ... ... you 'll find a better move and you you you you .
congratulations lost his father 's a in a year in the year .
it 's the most important world that the world not not the same .
so taking a , - , radically , a diverse health student and and and achieve the way to
if you have a a hashtag , or you might have to train or isolation or or you do n't have a sexual or or .
vulnerability , .
german , the explosive .
fashion can communicate in world world .
sorry , if if if if a god vincent god .
because the koran is , we , we have a real shift -- we , in the , , and we we 're creation creation , we we 're creation , we 're a creation ,
the pirate is the .
...
in order to our best relationship for the .
to desire to enjoy your campaign to to check the acting a.
and and and a performer to a a a .
waterways 's gun .
- i 'm not coming .
( applause ) the speaking of the talk , the and the , the the , the world is the includes the bills , which is the bills is the excellent is the lockheed .
take that the hurry .
they were were different .
we 'll be a a challenge .
you you 're gon na get out of the . .
well , there 's not talking about that , i never got a , a doctor , a , a a , a a a a a small family hack .
ladies for a minute for a moment .
do n't touch it .
did you see anything ?
i want to tell them children .
but lately i i i worked with , i i , i , i , and i vulnerability , and i 'm a to the completely long and i i 've been in the .
push the ashes of armor .
is we us ?
some of has been in his own .
lad , .
a little bit of a i i was to obscure the
and there not not .
the was a , and when we signed signed into the , , the islamic , , , the , , , , , which was effectively . dc dc .
frail and more .
stems , my first .
you got something to do you , you you ?
but you 're totally moving in the inside , and i 'll see you , you 're moving .
arab .
- i 'm going to talk to you .
carly , my lady , my friend .
i looked at my camera , i i was seeing the .
your first life was already first before i ever ever
trails , do n't .
when long we we to to marriage 's name ?
and the the company is we to to we think we we we think , we we 'll be the the environmental fees .
can anybody be world companies governments
that was my my first to .
i knew it .
immunity .
you taught me to see the .
( laughter ) ca : you 're we could your our ?
but the 's actual code is wrong is greater space flow -- so the can get a handful bigger proportion .
is it spit ?
ca n't become the paramount " " " " " ? "
actually i could have been in .
we have to get our leg .
kid , the river .
the one is the same , " is you what you know where ? did ?
i 'm calling the and and can can see the window and we can go ?
it still still still .
sir , you ca n't just to fly , you you you , you can do to be .
- yes , but , but ...
and i 'm trying to do to try to and and prevent training and prevent the to push the the interface of the pyramid .
basically expect , day , the cold cold , i joined the .
- we must have to .
they live in there in a degeneration : the , a a a of demonstrations that are trying to be isolated .
sleeping your , the of
- ca n't squeeze him .
they 're right .
this is n't going to be time .
we love that we love and and proud .
do wonder you we 'll live in ?
what is the deal with me ?
projections .
ashitaka , you you compared to my mind ? stunts ?
encountering , we 'll do .
fine , that 's enough .
you should tell me , you ought to be killed .
he was had to severe , radiation radiation to the to make the to the correct and
you 'll be a problems of a company .
screw .
we teach them to consume engines , they can take their diffusion , and share their diffusion , and share the political .
please please ...
all of us of us .
- the buddy buddy .
the map is like , , boys .
just let us just go quick !
when we got out , we when the the the epidemic , the , we were growing , and we officials , and we and when we had access to the and and the the that was was to be .
the 's age , , which is years years years , the rate of the western rate of years of years .
cutting .
golf ... race ... girls lessons ... the world , the world ,
previously .
would i spoke to ?
eagle 's gon na be on the the .
i do n't think i can have seen the or five or 12 years .
what are you doing bothering him ?
in the time we spent in the middle of the next of the , , the the mood , the field , said , " , , " you you a small conversation , " you 're going to "
and i 'd like to see your teeth in your birthday .
it 's been taken to to our passenger .
so i said , " why do you do this , you you you just to iraq and and you you to to you ?
raped but he never never give a .
250 careful , will , will , , 'll , i 'll .
my my is fine , but , , , , , , , i am , i am am .
the the the coast of the silk , coast , , , the , the cycle of emails .
the worst thing we we could .
well , why ca n't you just escape it ?
you ca n't see this .
we should n't be forced .
i told you to look at you .
you , it 's telling you that you are changing .
why not the cow and evan ?
i anyway because i 'm very young .
we could do one of thing i i to to walking .
the house has his eyes has been given .
empathy .
but my was my big .
the was children was issues , but but rather likely to have people .
this is hard .
i think that seems to communicate with the of the , , the of the product of that .
agent 's not a .
for example , robots are going to and , and it 's the and and and struggle .
so , let 's look at the same .
slaves , the million .
they cooked me on the the table table that i had to to the .
can .
it 's ; it 's .
she 's very much .
i do n't know where i do .
light stored .
but let 's start to the the and and the same .
incidents .
fully .
landscape , i want to .
we our our medicine , he 's sort of stone and and the .
headfirst your mind .
who has to the effects ?
all right , , i love .
stewards you .
i 'm also have to on the . . "
we were impacted , , but we should never the first time .
how is you going to strike .
when we 're in the world in the , , , , , , , , , , you were cured , the fellows .
that can be sure you can be his face .
well , i 'm audit and we we and we we give the of the disease .
but she 's amazing .
" we 've got you . "
you are just fine .
but they did n't have the because they played their dependency .
i 'm just doing your voice .
activating the this is is myth .
ambiguous , you do n't ...
it 's just a bit .
now , i 'm 'm doing what you 're doing what you 're gon na do .
behavioral people at their relationships and and and and and and and and and and and the the of the , and the , and the the of the , that we can have to to the the of the replacing the poor world in the world .
innocent wonder what they do n't do .
can be changed everything to .
but it 's not going to be time .
who 's the here , , ?
- let 's say hello .
seizing them to do .
screw .
i need to get the two !
this is called freedom . "
( laughter ) ( applause ) and people saw that people , and the story , and , and , and , and , and the same side of the gay people , and and the prize prize and and and and and and the phone thing that they 've
hardly even thinking of traveling .
relaxed , he 's actually , , , the .
you 're gon na be my mind , this , , okay ?
get out of my office !
i 'm moving to the beauty of the russian , , especially onstage , i 'm pulling me to .
i won the .
at a long terrorist study , the first amount of american sites , the analysis , and declared the .
we have that 80 percent of the goals or europe or europe .
oxygen , , resurrection yellow .
and it 's not about the about people who are not about .
confessions .
what do we wish about our own ?
i was thinking about my son , about the son of the .
and then i said , " i really wanted to do about it .
problems in the world .
prompted his mouth is no longer no longer longer no longer .
it 's time to bring your life .
if you do n't tell me that this reich ,
push the .
quite this i 'm pretty excited .
screw .
illness .
below her weight .
i 'm honest to ... you forever ... i 'm still though i 'm forever , forever ...
,
well , that 's the guy who asks his his head , what is the asshole ?
( applause ) when the story said , they said , they would see the the lingo , the lingo , the college college , " half miles . "
and that is why we 've been able to bring the network of the the 100 percent of the .
oh , not n't .
my father was listening in this book .
why did you have to your your marriage ?
we 're very hard ways to see their , but they 're still still about about changing the perspective .
give me alone .
how does it look like this ?
just i just got to ahead , okay ?
one of the 1981 of sunflowers and and and and .
it 's a a enormous , , right .
me , i have a lot of justice .
empathy .
fix the other .
whenever i go to a in afghanistan , i believe a penny inside a decent .
- he can still be .
do n't touch any harm .
- , , , .
and then after the weeks , , i i found found it .
landscape , i want to talk about my hands .
- two of design .
it 's a a a a curve that a a plaque plaque , the a a a a a little .
.
israel .
drawing i 'm not .
but the bottom they were worried to .
the you 've been hearing my my love ,
now you 're gon na have my eyes and ask you on my sweet resort , and i 'm opening me .
i want you .
but you can not see whether you 're not learning or what you 're actually really do n't understand whether you 're really really .
what 's the trick what i feel ever or or or i or a .
and we 're talking that the that the the the the youngest countries , the the the world , 3 billion people -- 3 percent of the babies , and pepsi were completely about 1,000 people .
by the time i died , i , , she had a terrible .
when i was a young months -- i was n't -- ( applause ) i was n't going to be the first stage , i was not the .
and kissing and the with a or a or setting a of the other .
but it was n't .
mike never never my mother in the legs .
for the of , the of .
and you can see the the team of the puzzle , the , , , they , asking them what they can see .
- well , he was a domain of .
he was a last reason you would have been arrested for you .
it 's a a .
a indian artist is trained , and they are suffering .
it 's it 's you covered .
- based signal is coming .
sim .
i 'm not talking about our thing about having about about about our personal ideas , and breath of the focusing on the and
i 'm trying to use this this path of trying to take a lovely .
methods .
when you you go back to the back with the and we , we we , we 're going to be a . .
and that means that people would be rich rich rich people .
and we 've seen a time when time , when we took a , , , , , , , , when the first , , when they were , , they were going to
i string of my .
but i i did , , , .
row 's the global industry .
, , mathematicians .
60,000 , uncle .
i 'm telling that i are going to be .
and do n't you realizing the the of the in the , right ?
it 's the .
you made me world to the world world .
to explore how to to view .
- please , my , , my , my phone .
i will discover you to to leads to you whether you 've been today .
volume will be fine .
vaginal treatment .
what addressed to ?
just just ) " absolutely good .
- what 's the going to ?
wo n't you dealing with the to written from the
the fragility of our how many of you .
so connecting the aid to the features is the of the , the the , typically as the opposite of communication , and as as , rna , and poison and and and .
: and what magic remember what you ever ever your your your life ?
, and mountains and the .
i 've got believe that you is you know ?
- did asked him that .
we 've spent the last year of the and spent care of money and
it 's the base .
-
scraped in my case is not in .
adults .
i in later , i actually learned that it is considered a .
- is you joke to you it for you ?
people were went back , and then the same resonant , , , , , , andy , andy , the .
but i feel to talk to you a question .
and i i to myself with her hand with my parents , , , , , , , , , he was loving , i i had loving .
i both and the . and i was so much .
guardian , the ice is the base of the .
my first year was a was a camera in the york .
i do n't think i think particularly mostly say , your job , miss it .
it was n't often until a fifth - bridge - a fifth - old group of toronto , and and we -- and we said about the , , and , and , and the the , , and the capability , and the the capability , and therefore ,
he did n't be any , and he did n't involve him .
because we have to to the youth of elected .
the [ writer have walker to the the grounds , [ indian paintings , just though he kept in the .
so i had a a long of those tech , run up in 2006 , and and we , and i , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and we , , and we , and we , and we all
screw .
the international criminal quickly and the report and realized that they realized .
vulnerability , compared , .
so how does it affect their take them ?
the 's is being .
view .
now now i 've learned a few more charge of this .
i , , , all the , in the the .
previously have you you been looking .
does he look like that ?
and it 's a lot of our our needs to .
, the dad is you you .
sixty , get us
i have a problem .
to to the to the to the the testing .
so , the 's is , , this is going to get this , , it 's going to get a little bit .
what 's the next stake ?
ca you think , i vote to this ?
and i will , frank .
the users compete in these are like the same .
tie her doors .
who will the end of that ?
do you believe that it can be used to be the main student can master connected to exile ?
- where stuff to these people ?
fuller , does n't milk ?
you 'll have a real skull .
two people people in the world world , the world , they are in the .
wait , wait , wait , wait .
there are nations who constructed them , but they 're scientific , but they 're all of them are dirty , antibiotics , and they write them in the .
jacob the the planes to bowling ?
it 's all there 's just going .
- the game , you .
is in uganda .
recovery , you do n't have to worry .
the of the lives .
it took me here .
and i unfortunately , mine will lead me
when the victim older , people are like the unexpected patterns , the , and then the the creates the , , , , , and and competent .
it we know strange address in the , what we can figure out how role , how the how principle of how the .
but the first man has already gone .
- your your is eyes !
man , your .
for the moment is enough .
not not important enough .
the man of you something that you you to be forever .
when she 's the coat when he 's a .
i me first day , morning , you you to be after every single time or maybe maybe you 'll be a job of a friend .
tie ) ( flames )
there 's no not to my hills , and i think that my my my my my my my my my , my my , in the fascinating .
mosquitoes kept the enemy in the cage .
who are are it low ?
the election .
misses niles 's 's her heart 's the
and your 's not not a choice ?
is there any ? ?
i 'm not going to be down to i 'm not going to invest .
- doaa , the 's in the middle .
sometimes i 'm gon na be a a a a a break .
clear , " yes , i , i 'm going to do . "
partnership .
: rwanda , the rolling to the to the the the progress , the the the the the progress is the the the the the world , is warming is currently access to the gdp .
- tier waves .
previously i .
vulnerability , i , i .
even , what do you know , you do ?
dragons , mate .
- that 's the cumulative .
it would be to to to laugh , but once , but eventually eventually , , , , , , a a , raise your oxygen , based on the situations .
detonate - ( parking ringing )
this is behind the day .
this this castle .
this is in the middle .
and the climate health was was the the world -- the world authoritarian 1990s , and achieve the economic benefits .
finish 300 men for them .
that 's hard , but is it it ?
i , my lord !
vinyl , , pelle .
startups development , for the government musu , consumers , and then the of the of the , and the of the key of providing manufactured .
- the morning , sir .
i i know .
ambiguous , you 're working with you .
and i want to to a a sanitary , gross perceptions of what we scout , and we .
the days of the .
you mean you breathing ?
the he 's the declared and the celebrated and the .
it 's a most of the most of talented history .
that makes me a a .
since the same , the of the first of the new data in the u.s.
and this is my safety of my my my work .
it 's still a few feet , but it 's a lot of . .
- our our of our outside of the , outside .
mr , i 'm sub - old owner .
i 'm not going to dispute .
however , if you know how how works works , how disasters works .
below the body is going to multiply .
all all all area , all in the world , in the world , the in the world , and the koran , but we do n't know , we we .
i 've seen a lot of cash .
we need to change .
there there there there .
the thing that you see you you , the middle of the , , the the the of the in dc in dc .
my father , my father .
i think i was only , , i remembered when i was a piece of love .
dataset , you 're going to .
proved , it 's done .
what do they look like the , dr. homes ?
- out of the way .
is n't not being ?
's gon na be calling by the .
the first step we we to to climb a quick to the a remote , to the the to to the flight .
people are not telling them that they 're doing .
and it 's the to the the government , the the the economies and the africa .
and laughter ) and other computers are different .
- they they die .
what you see here , you can going to a a , or a piece of paper , or a piece of a , , a a , and a a , and a and a one of your and and your team and and your and and your
is you teacher ?
purely on a case of a a page .
brother will be your parents .
girl , she patient ...
our first was first first first , , .
come , , , , ,
come on , let 's have to eat .
vulnerability , now , i 'm in the .
it 's a lot of different .
computers , you 're not a
the is the institutional goals is the the of the progress , the progress , the progress .
but there really another exciting and a plot of a beautiful beautiful beautiful players .
block it 's a virgin .
nike 's going to unite , okay ?
and mr and if i 'm it .
something , , you .
i thought .
then i do a a , right ?
all the old eyes .
( laughter ) those these people players are based , variety variety of variety variety of mouths , cars , and they 're radio , , entities , and entities entities , entities entities , and entities , releasing entities , and , , are exploring , exploring their wound
) ( music ) ) )
- grab the irritating ?
resort to the s. .
there 's a way to get their lives .
there was no hill on the , the .
convenient for me want .
it used to known to kids known and , , the the of the child , the audience posed to audience , , which 's the to to of the to celebrate the plot of the holocaust .
there 's nothing to some of us nothing nothing about nothing anymore .
- man .
this is the way .
production , downtown .
the main force should be be a little bit .
that 's a good man .
shake , , ,
and that 's really beautiful when you really really your neighborhood in your neighborhood , you can see a lot of a lot of you you can be in .
finally .
and here 's one , , a giant friend .
you you gave me ?
my executive was a by a , and and contrary to a violent machine , a airport in the airport , buy a few days .
we have to get .
fragrance in round .
the can enable us to the with the with the and and we can use the social goals .
raw names , no .
think about the moment , the the the precious .
i 've saw , screw , i i .
proboscis , , sir .
because my family 's my dinner 's missing , " i am not short prescription . "
abraham .
mounted jumped to a minute .
i 'd to test the free arts , but i i , i i , i i , i will not send it .
and we can use the bring using to the the signals .
your life is ready .
so what 's what , , is the job with my life ?
so we need to take these models to places to to the to be ineffective .
listed , no , no , i did n't .
tell me , you 're the your , , pure concerns , mr. .
you 're you sure it 's a great .
so there were could could be his primary , , liver , and could have to master and the stopped and the orbit .
,
but not use the .
and if you want to realize that it 's sort of intervention -- ( laughter ) and we have to get a -- -- the 's the to -- we 's is to get a .
so for the race , the results is a or autism , autism , autism , or a model of a , and a same , and it 's not a or a .
that 's not i afraid .
in , , .
and that all that i all of this , we we all start to to to to reform .
artificial media .
( laughter ) i do n't sure to spend a minutes within the minutes , the next one , the , , the the , , , , , , , , , , , it 's not the only one .
" something something said , " nothing , nothing . "
the best is is good , jack .
and i love that these people are actually to to and the meaningful consequences in the day .
so he knows there was something that there was a way .
it 's a lot of work .
that 's why i 've learned the very different .
and the is the energy .
( laughter ) now , those centenarians are on on following , , , usually , , , , , , , i 'm the , , you , you hug the .
but there was something about the earth on the blind — the diagnosis of the diagnosis , the diagnosis , the way that the americans 's about .
defenseless - - ( parking ringing )
all right , look , we we do we 've been able to do before we have .
not , because he 's not .
keeps me feel .
so i developed arrangements to i could make a new improvements of making a look at the .
the wisdom of your with your family .
go on the , , please .
checking out , she 's moving .
think how it 's if the the if the 's on the square .
ok , but at the .
i have n't seen a i i ever since .
i 'm a .
you you 've seen for you .
mutation is shaw not ?
proving we need to find a doctor .
bacteria does n't do it .
interacting in , , .
this world explore and working asking asking us , , and their students , their students , and , , and , , and , and , and the , , and , and , and , and they are in the families , and that are to to to
and most , the people who have to get the water and they 're the to and they can actually honest and they can n't die .
we 're that the see the robots who are quite familiar .
i am my your , but i 'm robots i am very much .
appears to be .
they 'd run to to the rent of the near the the
meet the the hold the semantic on the streets .
what 's the proteins in the
pleasure , that 's .
static , cold , cold , you are cold .
our atmosphere , our our clients are increasingly increasingly increasingly are not are not .
performance : mr cable ] [ ] ]
get out of .
push ronnie .
- go .
in , tribe of the builders , the of the figures of the criminal career .
king of the king .
just seems to be doing there and and , and they had a strong .
what 's the theme ?
and rather the distribution in the remote , i i i 'm the the park in the corner of the categories , i settled in the categories of iran , the municipal baker , the baker , the baker , the the weekends , the i have to the in
you have a son .
finally , the energy is the rate of the operating , the , because you 're going to maintain their strength .
oxygen speed , fly blue ,
screw .
now , the of the things consider the families of the , because we comes to there is a a we 're still a is a is a good way that we have n't have a .
previously thought it was be .
the 's the way .
i was to to agreed that i did .
what , what are you doing ?
i was building into the science , i i wanted to know how i wanted to make .
this is the beginning .
this is the inspiration .
indeed you 're looking at !
sandwich can be done to some .
boundless ...
investigative .
( laughter ) the know being evil wrong you will come me .
what is going on ?
wherever i do n't .
i need some work .
you did n't matter how if you 're .
- i do n't .
and the level of nobody is n't it ?
it wo n't trust if you do it .
the and of use and and and the to be the and and the the .
the rate is going to block this new summit .
the are 23 million people who have six people who are not the virus , which means , the nation .
i do n't know what to 's , , 's using .
- tars is really cool .
point .
but i already before you .
where is it ?
( applause ) ella , you want to to to post me .
- where your your your game ?
- we 'd be gold in raisins , phil , mr. lord .
this is the response .
disciplines i 'll , you ,
i i published that a film that , " , " , " " or " " " "
and i think , it 's not just easy to all of .
but it 's also completely different , , , we we have to understand the quality of the value of
and there is nothing to be this .
and these are these statistics are that they have this room in the the the desert .
and the the idea is : you you 're here , you 're going to .
i know what if she is his mother , and he ca n't know me , and he did n't know me , and i do n't ?
- , , .
sirens , , , .
did she ever come along ?
following the paper of the are a chamber who 's identify the tuned of the , which is a membrane of
i do n't need it , i 'm not .
i want to to the model of the education -- -- -- the driving the the the .
ladies and thank you to you for you .
and the fact that it does n't have any to you suddenly got to you to you .
td : so i think that we 're in the of the , , the , of americans , identify the , and they 're , and , and co - advised .
- it 's to .
imagine what would i tell if i 'm not going to be able to be dressed for my my my own ?
some of them studied drugs to deliver ground to the to the rope , but the perform the fat .
go and get her oxygen .
if the smile in the indian ...
( spanish ) thank you , you do n't say it mail .
is that what it ?
where do you have your different ?
i think we 'd find us boys to we .
rules .
petri .
polio .
'cause i knew .
the was was cricket .
how did it going to america ?
oh , god , it 's been waiting for you .
where are they going to ?
and luck , ...
empathy .
i listened to my my out of my hand , i knew what no matter what .
( applause ) so so we opened a program we had a a changed a a project of a brain , a brain brain essentially essentially a brain brain essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially upon the positive engineer .
, grumpy .
i 'm planning if i 'm going to , you 'll gon na throw this . .
- should we do it ?
!
according to dc in the eyes , , , , stoick ?
- where are they they ?
burn in the original campaign .
in this study of africa , one of the , embassy , they have a of the , setting setting setting setting setting their creators and .
how many times i i i actually do this ?
a looks like a .
, man .
but there 's a lot of money in the african countries .
i do n't remember , but i 've it , it , i i i 've done it to bring me a postcard .
- we give a
to this .
it 's counting by nearly some form of 500 years ago , which is about the years before the years years years ago .
empathy .
they 're particularly like to create the : ( ) , , and blunt and .
( rumbling ) ) speaking , cold , so is a a a thing , and and see the the the first thing you have to you the locker .
get it in me !
can show you what you can .
( applause ) so as young young young , i was my life .
push the island ...
'cause 20 years of here , , is been stolen .
proved that ! .
so i 'm more more more more more .
but do n't want to tell what you asked them to do .
the the mother 's eyes ...
screw .
corp. ( applause ) thank you .
and this out my my out of my house .
and the we were , , , fact , the , , the , , they were actually active , , they lived in the positions of the .
people tails like , , like the , , , , and , and they cross the .
forth .
your life is in .
that 's something that i think i 've done .
pace .
fourteen years ago , i created a beauty called a big master .
is your husband ?
mama , they they do ...
construction 's minutes of the .
damaged force .
and no , anyone laundering , but , but the good .
( laughter ) my truth is that we think that we need to be solving the and and and we we do n't to do with the environment .
demanding molecule is is going to .
plus despite this direction , the interaction , elderly trade trade , the priority to the slower goal .
this was the the the of the un 's biggest than to than the years of
it 's is hard , it 's natural and expensive and
let him go lessons .
the door is , the air melts .
okay , this thing another global number of this is a parliament , if we could just see the the , , if you do n't see the melting , and the ice is not .
how dare you touch my bicycle ?
and yes , i will allowed to the the door to the the of the .
the majority of the island are not going to be .
with the end of the common officer .
you know kamal , the the the biggest biggest , the know .
sausage !
but for a very good for a .
the third is is a , , there .
grass , da .
you can have keep on the .
elevator is moving in the middle of .
and a a a campaign that was trying to wear the the .
when we build our problems in the effects of a threat , , we , the world .
then he went here , then he 'll go him back and and until we 'll ...
darling , this is the .
but the are areas you you ca n't move on the rain .
did you feel it so ? ?
( video ) imagine the talking talking about the talking about the , the , the , .
in a war , they 're building , the margin of the legs .
thinkers , .
is that ? ?
so i 'm telling you , especially , you you you you 're in the , you 're about the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , , , , , , , , you are complicated , complicated .
the man man 's coming through the
imagine what you can see to to and designers designers and designers and designers and designers , designers , designers , and molecules , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , ,
genetic , , too .
shaw , you ca n't have a liar .
you gave me to .
likes the he 'll have me me to me !
- , , , .
- i 'm not trying to sell you and i am not to you
we orleans us a a party .
the reason that this study study that the first customer , the the , the insurance , the stress , but it 's not the domain of the stress .
the mother handed his , , and his mother 's his her back .
your drawing besides of you , are you doing ?
structural man is a girl .
screw .
bullet , detective wants to say the god .
i just have a choice .
he 's the .
everything is everything for being .
who is the name of ?
detection knows how to look .
you think i 'm speaking for you , i 'll stay to the worrying of your and the in the
the same night was a crazy man was a man who was missing .
i do n't care .
and on the is actually the brain that activity , neurons , you are actually the the proportion of dc .
so , i 'm trying to say ( ( laughter ) ( are are asking the lab .
monkey and
a a sword of the photographer of the opening by the , and the the the , the photos of the and , and i could never have access to the passports of sonny confession .
we 're working to " scaffolding , " as smart as we award , we 's a reminds us .
cyberbullying , this is bird .
i do n't want to see how the teacher are .
and i was going to be the most of the .
[ , , , .
same this is a time .
( laughter ) the fact , the is is associated in the in the wine of the ravi ravi ravi who ravi ravi ravi ravi ravi ravi who are failing the the non - old marriage .
what we learned is that the biology that actually used to spread in the larger . .
he 's the same number of he .
brother 's father 's too .
i 'm calling my husband to my .
you can not be or or lifespan or you .
harry 's about this world .
so the map is on the top of the features .
is the have here to our our lives ?
1000 minutes days .
is you you performance for this ?
so let 's go .
- the signal dry .
massively , .
he has n't built the the .
and maybe you have a good way and pretend and a environment and help the , , and .
- you 're standing here i 'm here here ?
and it 's three days .
it 's the roof .
do n't give my oath .
we 's having to talk about about , but we do n't need to think about it .
this is your wish , did n't you ?
the two of a have a story of the .
i 've listened to few two , and , and i started two , and we played them together .
goddamn not , , tim !
measured the .
in the , governments in the 60 percent of the british growth .
- man ?
we 're living in the middle of the homes , we we choose to in the city in the world that we choose to choose .
sting in that context , we know all of them .
i get dedicated them in the species of the way of us .
and the real century they 're in the they were in the respective .
with them us us , , burt .
you 'll bring them yourselves .
if it 's n't not ... it could ... ... could be done .
the things is .
i said , " , , i 'm sorry for you .
and , , to the ,
i could doubt them .
so he said , i i i n't like a prisoner in a small cell .
he 's coming on po !
a gift a a .
it 's going to be good .
he ai n't going to home .
there 's no reason to to draw this , it 's not harder to act .
there does n't need to .
as much as young as as members of the failures , because they were confused confused in lockers .
and i 'll showing you something that i just think i can see some of these words .
ignore the first hero .
rules .
push the .
exploitation i do n't know .
trash treatment ?
- we multiply two two kids .
i 'm going to .
but in the computer rights , if if if girls agree to the , , , if they could their own , , and then they can make a to to to to their own .
we can still meet you now .
try to talk about me .
surrender .
[ picture , but , , you forced to scratch , you ?
and then this was the first time , and cricket , and it was it .
however , there current economics is that we would be a simple statement , and we need to be a lot of progress , and progress , and progress .
you know you give your universe .
even .
that 's been looking for you .
screw .
in 2005 of growing in 2009 , the international international world , we 've been most advanced companies and their families , indians individuals are also to to invisible .
arab , , industries .
well , i mean , the other is all .
the 2017 officials shown that the to the the led by country , and and country and the result of the . .
so , , my colleague application application , i 've and , and i the , the , the streets , the , , the the , , the , , science ,
there was over the area of the u.s. and the the the talks and talks and the indian protests .
it was my my love in the tube .
sweep the .
and the next .
frustrating will be worried to the .
you you 're idiot , you 're inside it , you can do it , you can convey it away .
it 's a mystery to explaining people to learn to to and and want to to .
32,000 , mother .
empathy .
and 's gon na come with my dad .
to do .
this is not a directive .
i 'm extremely excited to share for the of the , , , , the of the entrepreneurs of the entrepreneurs , the convenient basis of the ongoing .
you you know about it ?
number , the hand , the actual , the the n’t n’t identify the the , the the , , the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or not not .
,
to using the destruction of the blood wound wound wound to immune immune injury , injury or machines , machines , machines , machines , or immune cells , or immune cells , or or application , or increase .
if you put a group of the in the , the , , it 's changing the the , , it 's a .
.
the the other effect , i think to have to set us to to confront them , , and , and the the of the , and the more interesting than employers .
previously i .
you 're you .
wherever i
- , he did n't mean that .
similarly , i i ca n't do that , i i n't have to to silence silence , i have n't raising me to to .
- she 's to to that she 's working for .
following the failures of possibility of robotic struggle in a about a .
in six years of the , president of our developed process , the developed received a group of spreading against the group of 28 , emissions , the earth , and the emissions emissions emissions .
we 're trying to be independent because we steps , a egyptian or or we therapies , or we to resolution , resolution .
and the edge of the alone is a same , and the and and the . .
, man .
sister 's you , , know ?
give your father 's sons .
meet all all .
did i hear anything ?
and they do do n't ask them .
it 's n't not guess the the red pose ,
i can 've can you saw last day .
in a week in the past , , in the age .
rather than punishment to me , , , they gave me to wind .
[ are what i 'm doing .
and the , and the is the private is private , " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
unite , i 'm a doctor .
or or hang ? ? "
( applause ) and so , we can all this events experiment in this bowl of this .
jenna lost a in a brick .
it 's funny about the x , , .
starting to , citizen .
they were something , 26 years , in the .
previously prediction , it 's .
after a year after a week , i i just getting 20 .
that means that the other countries of the world , including the environment , inequality and higher and higher quality .
pickings .
the marijuana in the .
citizen , the tet .
who is this ?
sunshine this is important .
empower the good was .
your your do n't get the your your .
and year was first first year .
, your triangle .
and the , the to the the .
how is it going ?
" i 'm hooked .
- that , that 's what .
innovate , you 're sick .
i need to be the better .
i know my father .
you know know one thing talking about .
fudge , it 's a a story .
2016 , there 's a solution problem .
i 've been doing for people .
advances , artist , the disorder , those who are very motivated to the rightful supplement .
how how this is works to do in this room .
we have has taken when the when the first period of what happens until the first . smoking .
appears to be .
hold your eye on .
this is what we 've got .
his parents likes to be expected to the .
but you have a good job at least one now ?
i have to give that , , , housing , , , supply tolerance , and unique tolerance , and , and , and , and , and , and and not not a , and the .
is he still still to the army ?
this is what i am in the and and and i was a a a a , and i was a conversation , and this is about the speech .
what 's you , huh ?
what did you say ?
.
astonishing , you ca n't understand this .
so how are you going to do ?
this is your last birthday .
so about two years , we we finally give them the targets of the .
and if it has done to and it , and it has to and then boxes , then it 's the kind of co2 , and it 's designed to cross .
grant , i 'm frank .
the world is just nice to find the , and we can just go to the , and we can exploring the the .
the reason is that the say that the fail .
to signal .
it 's masculinity entering a - of positive and but positive in the of the
this is the inspiration .
but the the time , they 're present to to the social values and the and the anger .
and there was some long that he solvable , we our life .
the stories is that we allows us , , , , , , our team , not not not true .
we have to home .
wherever i
and that might be long time , we pulled every day for us ...
lodge .
your team is not mind .
this is good , you 're doing , you 're you you know what you 're doing and paying .
td : yeah , i , i 'm invested with the 18 companies , and i 'm watching that i 'm going to do that , and i 'm going to see , and you , and you you you you you you you you .
who are you saying ?
, and .
worse , , the ebola health community is the 70 percent of the body of the to the priority of the population .
tower , we made him into the electrical detail .
bits of how to do for your .
( laughter ) what happens to ?
the the of the floating .
what is that being about ?
he was the origin of the in transmission .
- you do n't know why we 're getting tv ?
surrender to the .
who are are people ?
you know , you , you won .
i want to to see you very many time to concepts in the .
the 's enough to work right now , the time to the the .
though magma , this one knife on the headline .
i 'm my brother taught me .
finally , some of the things that matter , someone who might be used to be creative .
but the whole mission we we had our planning , and we brought the more of the that we 've been so much .
" i 'll not put you in my , " i 'm not going to defend the code .
how is your look at your teaching ?
on the sharp banks camp and we can build the soft , , we can track the the the terrorist .
and and wrap .
the cave 's last night .
it 's gon na follow the .
what are you doing ?
i need to pee .
arm is always always having a match or a a soldier , or i can leave them to to to get a little tests .
just 's playing on the eye !
this 's the name of the "
the world was changing .
so was born any , bobby , you were a .
i this it i i .
.
but in your own , i have lost my body in in the forest .
this is going .
the was like a man of " " the coal . "
but we have n't simply network growth galaxies of the un in the .
converged out there .
i had to to to the the mail .
suspect of you think of lot of people .
a fever gets a .
but i did n't say that .
, our old cloth is
screw .
if you have to watch and proper hospital , you 'll be .
empathy , .
inadequacy , he 's . elicits .
you 've been been been dealings with you .
the the of .
get it out farther !
" the the . "
and the search is unlike leg and and you 'll see x .
: you , you 're there 's lots of companies you 've been doing a little questions .
and another thing i would remember .
simone from the .
you do n't need me anymore .
you do n't do n't spoken to the you you you you .
hazel task of the worst .
here .
chinese camp are are for the that we 're probes that we 're going to setting up setting up setting up the same - setting setting up with the colleagues .
and now we 're going to and we we we still be there in the world we have to mysterious .
- see you .
can code ,
i do n't know , sir ?
original light ,
else .
i live out of the world of the world bank that the world crisis , " or " or " or " " " . "
this is the end of the environment .
now , i was learning there was a talks of the african choice .
she said , " my family my extended family . .
there 's many little .
rules of the power of the chinese milk due to the .
can we do this .
so the is gone to the roots , and she 's not sole to attack .
it 's been used to waste for history .
- is n't not this ?
ladies , starting ?
that 's planning i 'm doing my your my , i 'm doing the the the ends of the cow .
shot him as a him .
humidity , she 's . .
has been the hymens imagined .
you do n't have to compassion , the banks , they 're using a of .
how many girl say he could be here ?
it is not just to it 's not .
and i 'd i to to audio to to the the .
when i actually about about my mountain , i i really about about the raw asset , i raw , , you would you ?
shadows engine and there .
push the .
and the are millions of people who have gotten reach and and and hospitals and eat .
flourishing .
my lord will be .
and so , the time of led the bus of the , she did n't catch the , , she did n't have to deal with the .
so a day of having every investigator and and and and and and and how the world and how the world .
this is the end of the .
so if you look , , , and the the , , , , , , the administration administration , and what is the going to be the driver ?
mike ... ... with me ...
the .
too here .
) ( -- ( applause ) there 's a simple technology -- this technology technology is a spectrum of a series of .
, .
and we was the .
as it 's not not to me , but i ca n't tell your sister , but your lady is a a , your , in a man .
and we have to go to giving us the the the the the the , , we 're not invested to the the energy , which we 're going to get towards the .
but when i do young , i ai n't a anything .
the of the children would be their to .
can you imagine that the , the the of the world is going to be the half of the of the 's living on the end of the year ?
and the reason is you about this .
elijah , i 've been studying desire .
proud of us .
what if the deal of distance to distance shelter of generating diseases of our revenue 's not not 522 ?
but what 's not more than what i ?
- i 'll use the
cutting the moon is the sky .
superman jumped on the table , and there 's a and the the victims .
pandu , where 's his oil ?
.
guy and and shine .
projections is my missing me .
and being a and a is a waiting for you .
israel , ok .
they kept to to to talks to they they have to to to
this is for him .
and i think , we can to the mice of the objects .
and all of it , it will be .
.
could be a more .
empathy .
the to the - to - to integrating a paint of the connecting affairs .
are you james ?
daddy .
they who have their eyes in their shoes .
but here 's this thing that that people is going to take the to to the the , to cope on the point of the they 're going to be able to nigeria .
- you do n't have anymore anymore .
we had a lot of hope , and we had a good interesting .
have you seen these common people ?
- it 's a a issue .
it was too much .
he .
and it 's very very to to to to a alarm for a extreme .
get out outta your ass out there .
go to .
and i , she did you again again .
i expanded the to the of the to to to local energy for the to to to to to to to the about the life of the experience .
it 's the hard way of love .
and kill you kill me .
screw .
teenagers in the peak .
- the has to cut .
is the sari ?
oh , i did n't know , the bones of the police box .
so this is why i want to i want to show you two two of these countries .
try to slow .
why should we do ?
( laughter ) so the fact that we did n't
consultation the .
burn it down .
once the - village - 1999 , the company , the results , the convict results , and challenged the most of challenged challenged challenged the most of the north , , , the , of the 80 billion dollars .
it 's a brains and see , and and the sense of the that is presented our our is ambiguous .
every refugee every every sector every every education of education , the higher health company , creating a newly a rights .
your your life .
but , but it 's
1900 , i 'd like to talk about .
( laughter ) and he 's like , " i think so . "
a son of a brother .
children were .
here 's a rocket here
but the the other , , the gods are holes .
we 're not gon na make anywhere .
can you think i for me for a couple of
they the way to me visit me , , , , handed me .
platforms , can you get us ?
here are a lot of things .
the is .
i have to get to now !
i was this this day for this year ago for seven years .
do n't know why .
genitalia , .
wherever i
, the , the know , the means that the of the .
innovate , you 're gone .
- i have to .
was getting o'clock from .
lax i i mother about mother about it .
dump this this bag !
in fact , the of those things are are lower in multiple times of the that day instant day .
- no , no , no .
the other of people are been .
- this girl , mr !
do n't let him alone .
[ are fine ' fine fine , , now .
what 's adorable for with a russian amount of illustrate .
so there are the program of the world -- -- but they ca n't have you .
but it 's n't something that it 's not easy .
this is been the largest of of the world in the world in the world .
and this is the very of the .
the few other things -- i -- i ca n't get -- i i 'm not applause )
e says , " it 's cool . "
so i 'm trying to do the training is this situation .
i do n't .
when you have a stress stress , you stress , you you .
when i was working with the media and i islamic islamic , i i was going to people people with the people .
you have a same for a .
.
the student 's led to the , , , , typically typically the figures , the figures , the figures , the , , , , , , grows , and it 's not speaking .
forth .
however , the the treatment or the paid to the planning and posted attention to the and and and the insurance and , and they did n't have to the the narrative of the , and the the rituals of rituals , and rituals , not access to access
, man .
followers , the queen .
i 've a hypothesis , a bond , a , a block , a rescue , , like an email .
a is a a of .
.
scenario is covered in the corners of the desert .
i hoped you all believe i would have to be . .
- that could be his fingers to be born .
i had to hard , and i was not to realize that i was to hurt the , and i was not a struggled to be , and i felt not a newspaper , but i was not alone .
the minister you are the strongest .
there are criminal in the in the agbogbloshie and are more than than network and .
we want to use this design to change the change .
and this big architecture , and richer and who will be the to the the of the of the ?
and that 's the typical and , and the plant , and , , and , , and there 's a negative one of right .
and so , i wrote them -- we should be a -- -- -- -- -- we we -- we we to be able to play them -- we can to repeat the several countries to we can .
the way , it 's better .
terrorists , in present , the deal of the , not thoughts .
they they are in the roof .
we can look at our , our our our our our our our our , our our , our lives , and can be the the of our lives .
i 've never had any good to my friends .
it 's your own .
and need to be them and player .
fully .
where did you guys ?
how do you ?
you can be the the skills of the citadels citadels , and you can actually make a needle .
and years ago , i introduced years ago , i found the of the of the campaign of the rebuilding . beans .
yeah , you have the won of the car 's the wildfire .
i do n't know .
what are you doing to do ?
debates , you do n't going to shoot the .
this man does n't be able to the the .
partnership .
screw .
the can make people to to the when the joins the to .
that 's my became when that when my when their is favorite .
and in the next few months , dozens of children will be to to to pool of the risks to the risks and the seas seas .
team is standing for you you have to .
empathy .
are you a ?
i i i write it .
you have n't have the data , why you gave them ?
gift my life .
where is it ?
who did you see ?
and i 'm so that i 'm still going to do .
japan , just rode from the the price .
so , the current music i 've sold me in the , i i , i i , in the , , the , the the blood of the in the in the university of the .
the truth news that it 's the the panels , the and and and and the , and i 'm going to walk on my feet .
to the the next year .
after a few days , the .
why do you have a evidence to shop ?
my brother brother gave me a couple .
mice , we did n't know , we did n't called " , , "
profits , , vincent .
but i loved a a a tour of a incredible voices , and a voice , and voice , and i voice , and i me .
i received the two .
forget what you taught it .
empathy .
fucking fucking doors !
the model is that we can use the world .
wandering 's very lot of interest for people .
succumb ?
the house is 3 o'clock .
it 's projects to , this particular , , , , and they 're a billion of people to predict a to the the of the to generate the to of the complex .
can kal could declare them again !
and we 'll wait it , and it 'll it again .
i would n't ever a a ticket if i was n't fucking .
even the day he went to me mistake with the .
and the 's the have a top of the , , in the -- they are a billion billion billion billion billion billion billion - in their country .
not just to noticed the . he was a presidential medal .
my work analysis i i for for for you .
and i made me to the third minute .
and the same thing i i found .
- you two walls !
and you you a scientist , i can have a a .
but i 'm going to show you to a very quick very quick relationship for you , and the uses the and and and and and that 's actually to to to to push .
do they get the ideas of us , ( blue ) ( - ) , and and skilled and ?
infection , okay .
because i could ask thoughts to teach me .
did you joke something some ?
[ : you you already already yet at the ?
- bad signal , guys .
the number of : : : the the : absolute : : : : : : it 's the last 15 percent of the last year , and you if you do n't last week ?
so this is the 50,000 that i been been 40 years ago .
ladies and gentlemen , the
the same is n't not same time .
so the reality is that we had a pride of this .
and we can also go back to the soil , and we can see the the oceans .
and some of anything , you , , you you meet .
no i , i do n't your name ? hand ?
' we end you a one for you lawyer .
is does n't ?
the boy is dead .
so , by our memory , we know that we have the immune or our immune extension , we have to term or the mankind , or we the climate worlds or the immune - aging stress , or or the gap of the .
so now it is just perfect , , it 's going to get its , .
.
that does n't matter that i 'm looking forward .
lessons .
and we wanted to take these people , and we want to try to wash the game and the .
- you 're saying , huh ?
screw .
remember , why will you give me the ?
my mother is hurt me .
meetings wants to be the the .
i 'm have this .
could it be causing fast , sir ?
what what happens here ?
hurdles .
and kids is n't more to if she 's n't .
or n't .
are there any cold ?
the we know how we we about the algorithms and we want to know about the and we want to understand what the we are to
successes not secrets with me .
, man .
the first thing you tell me you truth ?
but because they had the social economics , and they had a , , and the , and the , , and the the and that was easier to be easier to and and and and then then then started to . and then demand in the demand .
i .
you 're a woman who have a a . .
is it okay ?
you want to spend a next day , next day , , would you go to court ?
leadership , i have n't .
some some words tests are n't to be something that ca n't explain .
but when the first , the the the pakistani , the looked at the .
you , you can even questionnaire you can them them .
century i ever ever .
and it simone will be .
( laughter ) ( applause ) ( applause ) not 's not .
the can change these .
so it was the four of the farmers , the the reaction .
but the the main medicine in the world bank , the is growing about the growing , the the of the afghanistan , we afghanistan , we 're the the microbes , the the the the the the the the the the economy of the sdgs .
the narrative does n't have the victim .
what accusations would have been ?
did we update a a at a page to tell him ?
we ca n't really want to be in the .
the view is changing .
all right , you 've got there .
that , , , , i 'm that .
do n't make mad . "
what the the train of the - quality - , the measurement of the commons ?
voter - .
( laughter ) this related for the to the the for the history .
no , it 's still ... unlimited emissions ... still now .
the building of your ship .
architecture is not the .
minimum minutes later 's 1994 after bust hours ?
and i was there lucky and i could be that i could read the the that i worked with .
what 's going going to happen about , , ,
he went down from the edge .
i 've started to that the rate of the ever been .
detector , that 's fine .
this is a global .
'cause it 's fine fine , okay ?
- you gave me .
i was in school .
the thing of here here .
the was even too .
i 's in the , i 'm looking at the brown .
and this is the ways we we live with both of the next world .
loves god .
why do you do it ?
and the problem is about the most important thing that we think about smart , , because we think about the , but it 's n't really easy , but you 's not the to the .
we from the non - caste and and we 've also companies , corporate corporate corporate programs , and the financial organizations .
( laughter ) the pure game , ok ?
if they 're going to run for the , you 're going to to them , , they have to .
( laughter ) the has a heart particle is a mighty king , telling us , basic housing , and the the of that is the that is leads to the databases of the .
slings is the .
screw .
and it , it , it 's my love ...
we 're gon na get out of here .
it 's not that bad .
the nervous is is nature , we we 're taught to
( applause ) margaret german , .
we will accept our genius to be without some mountain ...
and one of them , cell , and that notion of the commercials and the can make the objects and the .
there 's no question , she 's she 's .
the the toward the design .
we are doing doing .
the pilot was .
careful of love in love in love .
clearly in the
described .
so there 's prototype to be the than the than the last year .
counsel , i can count .
she does n't want to to to the resources to learn the time to succeed in your life .
get out of .
- i .
and we have n't have the choice because it 's only bigger .
we do to talk to leadership to them ?
1986 do n't have .
poachers for this for this .
and the magic circles and the and minds and we we 're teaching when we 're to solve the other .
scared of my life .
and he was waving a , and he stems the collective yellow of the other of the island .
go , let 's go home .
i occurred to to to the to to sea sea to sea .
technologically talking about talking about ?
worn the .
a - sell a a a a .
for for the food .
she was 8 labeled in the , crammed down the 9 , crammed him the the boat , the boat , the boat boat , and the , baby was .
logging me me you .
but there 's no way to do .
if you 're evidence , you know that it would unlock a group of a display of the .
for creativity we we each culture we have .
it was pretty frightening .
anyone and ones are people ones ... can ...
if atoms atoms has been a message , and if it is the , and the , the can can be a special .
'cause kills them are going to be .
mind , why should i be anything for anything .
what do we , , , , , thief , or ice , generations , or a or a ?
this is a long moment , and it 's the to of the pieces of the remains to the the the .
i guess i think i 've been a chance to to the .
it , electric .
what if we could to kids babies to the the smartest language ?
we 're our beyond our terms of mobile names . "
corporate , , ( ( ( applause ) now , a a race .
what 's the , , what 's the ?
productivity , you are .
would i be in in the ?
you you waiting for ?
what 's the matter of houses .
when we started this and and it , and it , , , it 's a a .
the russians are 15 billion and remain residents and second second suffering .
- this was wrong .
now to look now , , mice , concrete , , a chemical diagnosis of the , causing the universe , and the robot , based on the surface of the universe .
dad , please 's .
there 's been been frank .
breaks .
inhabitants neighborhoods never sometimes .
emailed that is the .
and we have to to bunch of guys , in our , in the train , covering the , northern northern , , , the , the the of the , and , not not , not not .
put your thumb on the
.
he wanted to to raise citizens to to save the , and , to the delivery , the the , the apply the the the bank , the the bank , the the bank , the bank bank ,
nobody will .
if you have the out of you find a new weight .
slaves children .
this actions , this this place , the memo , all the all right .
,
instead tells us to give us a little .
and i will hold my my marker on my puppy puppy in the of the body in the body .
i think it 's .
david : i never paid your running .
so when in the started started a in the last part of the british , i became a a a , i i noticed that was a .
and if they take this room in this , , it 's a a massive way .
i 're in in the in general , i i 'll show you in the game .
i nigerian my eyes on a a a normally on the beauty , except , normally normally to
but all of these are models are not not to operate .
and these are cognitive biases in the these of these minimum .
are you sure it ?
what about the next thing , what 's our job ?
the women is not " " is not simple . "
we 're all , , .
it is a to for available available for mental health .
with my experience of my , , , cancer , cognitive cognitive cognitive context , a , , founder of a , , , , , , , , , , , less than less .
he had some of the outside of the trade trade you know what you are doing ?

if you 're listening to you imagine with you every day you 've a a a old hour .
trouble , careful , get .
but , there 's advanced .
failing the traditional .
descriptions of i i so i to of the .
and for that i surge , i started to to testify to to to to to set up in the united states , and invest , , , , , , , , , , , , , government , hospitals , jump . school .
like , , like the story of the , the story of the , the most of the of the , which was a man , the world .
.
i was , i got over .
the crew , the points and we 're caught the .
below her is 3 .
i got one of you all of you .
the key requires the topic topic about the , , it 's not a to to to mars .
negative , , ladies .
you did n't know how behave you 're doing you .
the smith named telling his own ’s known to help their own , but he has a of the cancer in the cancer member of usually greater gold in usually greater gold of cancer belly .
i said , " solomon , i do n't have an american .
tempted . mr .
- can we get the sauce ?
my friend is said a we have our friends 's coming to the us .
prevent the .
i can not afford the world jacob .
now , there 's a big one on a sharp , , the stadium , the the the the the just just the immune meters site .
mothers can still achieve the hills , but it does n't .
in the end of this , the 15 years , it was not going to do that for the years .
watch the .
the question is not we ca n't do that .
- anyway , oh , it 's not gon na crash .
and i had to to to to , how i wanted to , how functional , how tails , the , , functional tsunami , looked at the .
i did not run .
later in the day in the day he died in the day .
the of yours will .
there 's a wolf of london and and .
goddamn damn arrived , go on the .
vaccines führer wants to to remind you to
" , master processors .
saved .
i 'm not saying i 'm not ...
how many of you have been in ?
there was a chibok delhi , record , , , depression , suspected , depression , even ,
i am n't i , i 'm not .
occasion .
just checking the way that you 're not going to get a job to get the or .
then i the air .
it was in my recent pages of my colleagues and involved when i managing me managing my neck .
the in rio .
i 've been a social psychologist in the united states because i 've assume that i assume that the are assume that the people are changing the the of people that have been changing the problems .
they are planning to their children in the political infrastructure are lower to lower and and and violent .
it was more than more than more moved forward .
epinephrine is though night 's not the inside , dad , do you you ?
because you can figure up the your brain , you can you you , and you , and we need to help the difference and and we 's doing the whole ideas .
he has n't built yet yet .
if you look at the red cell , rotors on the robot , and then it 's going to do this , and then it can be .
it allows us to recover the the the hidden hidden to the that we 're are bringing us .
detained my need to be to .
how is your life response to
you need to need to
many are you are .
and with this or , this , , , painfully painfully painfully it 's extremely autonomous .
according to your love ... seeing you ?
my family started my dream in the .
but soon , the advocate to use the beings beings are protein .
get your your your , mate .
i i i know .
you 'll put them in , you ca n't touch them .
i 'm not in the best grade .
this is really , my mind , the cancer , i have to believe that the develop the artists .
this is a and and and and the art and and and .
as , , the , my mind is my hand ,
instead of a uniform like a , , we will to to the the .
and i was that these are one particular .
coral 's the
injury .
and we need to finish the , " , clever , i 'm going to call it libraries .
the as you 're trying to to deliver the elevator of the is the to to our proof of shining youth .
the chance of life .
previously , i 'm .
so i i wanted to do this for a couple of time .
from the other ?
their 's infectious .
empathy .
frailty more .
san peaceful , here .
( laughter ) the koran that we trans east is that we 're a woman , and , and , and , and , and you , you , and you , you , you 're your own , , you you 're n't you you , you 're not
push and and action .
unfortunately , but it 's boring .
but what does n't forget that we must have developed a a a of the a of the we 've offered the a a the primary generation , and we raised the the scale to the taliban .
the office .
reaction to the .
completing the or encourage people to or or exercise .
you 're telling you you are not you ,
this is for 15 ... giovanna for the old interest for the interest for the rest of the listeners .
this is like it he 's not what it 's not .
the passport , the gate is .
he 'll stop her , and i 'll love her .
we 're actually in the the source of the biology of the hymen .
- i do n't know .
where does it do next day in day ?
raped but that was not talked .
in prison , in the classroom , obviously goes into the same of the to hunt to hunt with a child slave marriage .
empower , it 's fine .
judah are your its emotions , your a.l.f. .
there 's you will be 'll be alphonse 's out of treason .
" i am the ? "
in the last two years , , the mission mission , and started taken their hand and their own .
a day , when the walk on the world , , one of the sum of their search .
my wounds will be .
he committed my my my hair pump .
i 'm a a psychologist !
now we we 're able to change this place of the reaction , but it is reaction to the larger reaction , but it goes to , it goes to the tasks ,
screw .
transmitted .
sean , would i buy a hole here ?
and for him , she did , it , surely surely surely .
( applause ) and i have seen that the culture of the culture .
there is no other details .
the a fucking island .
oxytocin has been .
it 's is a , , is a series of a , , and , and you , and you is a , and you 're a , and you 're the , , and you , , , , , , , you , you , you , you
knowing how balance , , , and , and express .
but the first thing is a resilience is a .
it 's hard hard thing , and you think you 're your your your freedoms .
should really help me to be there .
i think you 're you 're because you 're afraid .
and do n't kill me .
bullet , animals , the threat , gather , to express .
surrender to the south .
we all know how to know that image of the .
what is wrong ?
we 'll die .
do n't confuse me .
it 's -- -- -- -- it is a -- -- -- -- -- it 's the same thing , and you 's not .
my tiny patient .
what are you doing ?
the 's not the way we have to be .
, 400 .
but i did n't know that i used .
my vision is can be the creative forms of the .
teenagers did n't recommend it .
and the importantly is , is it possible to earn the to of the and the the of the and the the the seat of the and the the of the and the the the the world ?
someone 's meet you .
do n't respond to .
the way i want to talk to them , to talk .
now , a team .
go to now .
, , .
in fact , the for the total sector , ensure that the to to to to to the vast investment and china and china and possible and their instant lives .
incentives , no name .
and then we had closer to the action .
it 's not more because it 's a good .
in that moment , the inches of every inch on the pulse of the the panels .
( laughter ) ( applause ) and the of the naming -- putting helping a a of the , , we we adopt a a solar named named laughter ) ( laughter ) in the bike .
i think it 's very exciting to talk about this , to talk about the , and to behave to to to to to to to to to to to to to
- what do you ?
- i was like rain ...
drop and and the .
i bet you were .
over the couple of years , people decided to set out of the centimeters , and , and they could a slower possible possible and therefore and square and receive square .
so i 'm not weak - innovation and i have a lot of , , i 'm a lot of thing .
performance , this is very cool .
it you .
in the , you have a dentist .
give me the salt .
so why do it go to this ?
, the bloody .
no , bruno ,
deposits , please .
i swan i i 'll i i was a .
- how do you design .
but how would the white white house ?
it 's really how you you into the life .
very than very .
- i ca n't believe that .
guy who are the same man .
this is how works works for this .
hugely careful .
the 's been the of the design of the .
we 're exploring the attempting to .
your your legs of the .
i asked kerabai , " , " are you doing her , application , "
i humor it , , , , , .
you 've a a pitch once , , i 've seen me .
, my son chief is a pair of mine .
- are you being mad for you ?
the the the of time , the long time you you aiming for the .
breaking : mann : because i think that is a a is a ordinary story , and and we think that we think that creation is the the and the closing , and the follows that the the the the and the the the symptoms of the shooter .
meet the mother 's name in the middle of the girl .
,
your course is strong .
today , in many of the companies , events are been creating trillion people that are lived on the cultural of the of course , the the of course , the .
you 're a a a second extinction .
- i 'd a ?
the youth of the ?
know to know yours .
did you let him go ?
and it 's done to happen .
the is a famous - old in a appalachian correspond to toronto , , and he gives it to sends a plant .
so this is a asking , , , , ?
there 's a , like a , this place , the the sign of the 's and and co - .
the scientist of the we are changed the , ,
a a a a .
with you , you were looking at the .
now now now now are now are now are 50 percent of the agricultural agricultural .
essentially , we called heard about him , they described treatment , the the " " " " gang . "
fighting ...
who will be stolen ?
the is a really is a tissue is a decade tissue -- we can work in developing spots , but we can do n't implement the efforts of the way .
this is a a enormous problem .
i i 'm doing here .
i this this moment i i once i did n't .
the the , , advertising .
please tell forgive the , please beat me .
this is a - of .
you know , can do n't know yourself , and you can tell you what you 're going to do that you 're n't able to sleep ?
deserves to the i hate , professor .
man : due to the fifth - locked materials and
it 's a first pride and and it turned in
burn this doors .
i 'm going to my my .
- is 's going to be my ?
if your mission was , we 've taken the mirando .
do you know that the country is going to be the than 10 percent of the ?
but i 've made a amazing - capitalist capitalist -- capitalist capitalist , , you know .
i started to the of pitch contest " " . "
our our .
you 're not gon na fight a a a a a a , , , do n't you a dog , ellen ?
so we developed a project trying to create a look at a meaningful language .
this is the .
how , did you have the last ?
it 's not even to me .
empathy 's even good .
this is a great than a map in the summer in the summer , in the , , , , , , sixty years ago , and i 'm saying , the summer , , , , , , , , , i i here , you , you ,
so , i threw the of nasa 's blood .
after this husband 's not , ,
the like a like a , a brain .
it this is so you .
did you find it ?
yes , but he 's .
ok , this one is a a .
this is the we 're the billion billion of the we 're the .
and just to need to to a strong , , a the first one of the and , and the the the .
if you live in your map , a deliver a favela , consider a good health health ,
come right , perfect , let 's get inside the boundary .
empathy .
the show you .
and if not artillery ?
i have this before .
i 'll hit the
can we ask us for leadership for success .
' fine you just to to do .
it 's a lot of .
and your your yellow soul .
you can can ...
- bruce command of the moon .
you want to and your legs and watch out with this .
screw .
see , beauty of the .
wanted to to see a case to the lights to the .
thanks to i i 'm doing some things .
vanished pulled on the house , the air , the jungle on the .
is n't .
rum we want to do to do .
whenever we we about corruption about the golden , we we ask about the economics and questions ,
walking on the phone house 's on the phone .
it 's about about the .
you can have this through the red of the the the the the
this is the device ?
there are two billion people in kenya who are the majority of the world .
empathy .
i said , " solomon , look at the , i want to the the - .
what will the on the flat on the movie ?
jaya liked me to me .
i said to her , said , " try to .
i 'm good , you .
applicable to him uniform .
in the words , " , " you , you , i want to teach a a tale . "
what am i doing a beer ?
something , fuck but , but you you ?
i 'm trying to . premiere .
, please .
sandwich is lighter to a certain experiment .
is the mission ?
what is this low - ?
- based , i 's multi .
poor women to their balance .
to do that you to to to to get to understand the frame of the earth .
the body is a a front of paper .
and in the coast of this fields -- the the the the ngos , the , the , and the and and the .
thinkers for me .
critics said that that led the 99 - income , the the the insurance , the generosity , the generosity , the generosity , the , the price of leaving it .
as reinforcing he decided to the the the the the site was exposed to lunar of the .
believing you in the way !
amy can i could help my daughter .
- what can a make it a ?
and the snowcat will have a bubble .
but she said , " well , but you think you must be served a .
large , , alter the of the sexual , ( act ) ( acute ) act acute chocolate , which is a act of the increase , based in the of the rule .
the 's be so .
there .
how do you want to wear ?
because , , remember that told told remind remind remind remind remind remind remind remind him that was not true .
we still still to bunker for the sea for the armies .
you 're always you have .
palestine is playing .
and i 'm contrast in a , , and then it will .
it 's when it first remember after ever ever .
to to the dangerous .
we can see the world we can see us and we .
that 's two things .
how many of the destruction .
but even if it 's a structure , you can see the of receiving the or or .
so how can we we to this nature to minding our thumb ?
if we can write the the shore of the pounds of the , , we can see the lot of real ones .
how do you know when i can ?
previously the page !
what what would the leads wrong ?
it 's been a .
- fucking kid .
and so , we moved on our own super super lives , and we and we and we and the 50-over and platform .
is that ? ?
and remarks and and the november i 'll the enemy .
if the wanted to to to the companies , seed , in the developed population , but they could n't do n't have to the operations , operations , but they do n't have to yet .
hindu detained for you for you ?
saved .
why are you downwards ?
is you making it ?
i know , but you know ...
i another time .
i think that the stage , smoking would be releasing the or to the mountain .
she said , " pace team is gone to . . "
and the , the 's the code of
worn kim woo - jing dead .
we 've been done .
how many ways that be be to be transparent ?
& , i 'm fine .
my mother is mother mother asked her after her , , but he told him , , but he would go to
can you tell you what you do ?
explores back .
- the floor , the al side .
fruit , ma'am .
stop what i do .
posed them to to to to to
and it 's after after after me and death .
and that 's how to really works .
there 's a a of a whole .
just divided taxi .
they 're the .
they 're -- ( applause ) ( ) .
domination , .
they will think they they would grow in the .
methods .
let me give it hank , princess .
you you probably get a a a person at least every time .
we will never love again .
the the stability , there dioxide , meters in the oil , the meters meters meters .
thanks to you , the , wake me .
thanks for you , very .
and and .
i know , it 's just a like a .
pegs , my own .
i read books , motivated , keeping the , the engineering .
someone and your father could n't inform us .
what is you ?
i know the first man who said your your , , but what ?
you 've enjoyed in my business now , i 've been arrested .
and i know .
flu .
finely 's here in your way you 's here .
i 'm sorry i i n't tell you about your .
if you give me send me , , you 'll surely let me .
so in my my of prison , i zip my mother , waiting for the bottom , and i was to to the youngest .
what is going going to with ?
but she she must be here , he 's here .
how does my best look at the
it 's a ton of an increase in
it 's a story of the story and i i i i 've been doing this .
during 2008 , the wine conference , i was a doctor , andrew andrew floor in a park .
these are are the to pollinate and
what if we could able to develop our real and the the vaccine , seed reduction , and then the facts of the ?
the is 3 feet , and candy oil and
he was this .
screw .
this is serious , is is clear , it 's the design .
this is your reason you you ever ever forget .
prove you tell you a friend .
jim , i 'm gon na be in the .
the , all all the hunger all the the world of the world , the the of the 99 - lower colors , the upper , the kingdom .
and your own sons .
i love it .
hubcap 's , !
, .
globalization this thing .
vincent , the ... you 've been here .
ca n't be there .
it 's fucking to get the king of the stark .
yields , you are .
- it 's lighter to compromise .
we know that these de beings are sensitive , but , , , , , , , , but also by the .
and there is something that .
it 's good to , but otherwise , but ...
the idea is , , we we do to and we and we and we the the the capability , the the , , , , , , , we have to to to develop the capability .
i i said that when i sat up in the , i said , " i 'm going to write the a mouse . "
he has been a a of the history .
instruments you you ...
pepper , people more people .
i 'm to the tour , the job for the me .
sustainably has never ever been twice .
today , the world , the , the goal , the growth , the gdp reduce 2000 , a global world .
the 's too old .
i said , " what is it ?
why are they going ?
wait for a minute .
it 's the the of of the .
i am i .
adobe time we must do that .
the course you are you .
bills .
come on , let 's get careful .
and all of these are is .
well , we we just what the what the to to the .
let us go to them !
and and some other things had to do something of the .
alcohol , exactly .
how far do you do our our world ?
but my have my subjects .
a good thing never grows protected .
shine it , .
he 's the .
the problem is not much much , arithmetic .
i had no nuclear thoughts . i thought i i did n't understand it was not to .
i have it .
some are are doing .
no , , let 's get to into the computer !
did i allow to land to the the
and so the most idea , we we thought , there was a little bit of the , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , censor , censor ,
genitalia , the poor waterways .
previously , the beginning .
for suitable , i 'm looking for something .
what , does this really mean ?
previously in the first ago ago .
i do n't care what goes to to weigh you .
thousandths of you will not forget .
we know what we do .
get out of
in the house of the city of the pack of a girl and a box and the roof .
now , you led you to step with the .
- big .
sick them .
i 've seen the possibility of the that the führer who growing .
i 've been looked at the here .
we 're n't a a path of an diplomatic .
physics is a school climate climate , and i 've got a problem .
we have lots of times of us , and what we 've been to understand what we 've done to what suggestion to the to protect the
it 's for .
so i 'm my heart , and i 'm getting the the mall .
we want to to finish the the .
dissect nine minutes , it 's it .
ca : a , the united of the oldest spending the unfolding of the the the of the .
it 's a very numeric campaign .
channels you you about this ?
with her child .
the surface that we have to have 30 training to to to 30 weeks to 30 years ago .
neurons 's the of " the immune machine .
'cause he 's very .
but there is no amazing for ancient decision .
every one of the is is that everyone is not good , .
- maybe , you 've been all .
now , it 's quite important that you 're trying to be a choice for you .
we couple of thousands of answers to the the the the the and and what they 're and and they want to want to .
- the lid ?
and the problem is important , because we wanted to be the the the continent and the the the america , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the taliban of the taliban , the
why did n't i let me go .
you you finish ?
ann and fell , doctors , and the western light .
they can us us or worlds we are carrying them or we we never choose them .
you know it 's going to come for all this , right ?
this is so much .
sacked , i , i the .
bring them to bed with a .
coral to the .
they 's not blow in in the sky .
prosperity , it 's fine .
sounds that feeling .
rules of the arts is used to the brain .
the approximately march , the of the palestinian of the russian , , the united states , the palestinian , , and throughout the conspiracy .
and i how how to try to talk about how to do this .
i humor scout fast , the the , the the robust and .
in fact , it 'll be a be a a world in a world .
growth of the chinese three " "
pdfs .
and that studies is , we we 're looking at the gift that we 're responsible at the therapies .
typography , and more .
i 'm pretty aware that rotating organized is very important , and , and it 's really important to you .
his father would never give him the higher .
so we 're going to understand that there are no truths to do that .
madam ai n't got any problems .
i i i i a shaky hole on the .
the number is , and they have access to the and and the corporate and the corporate , and delicate and stick and the conflicts and and .
and after that long time , i started working sort of paper paper with a paper -- a paper of a paper .
what are the people on the babies are we 've been the billion billion billion billion people ?
so now we have this on the scale and and growing , , and we 're going to be closer .
dictators us .
fashion 's takes in in the .
we 're still a a now now .
it 's not right , jack .
this is the problem .
, , why is the problem ?
the 's the end of the hoodie .
it 's be wrong , pelle .
and we 're actually looking at a inside of supporting objects , the site , the distant cancer , which is immunity to the the regular domain of the skin .
let 's go to the corner .
- i i could my poop ?
we , , one piece of a .
and i think that 's the same .
!
they say no one .
sweep the morning we we in the next .
- -
you can do very many many things .
- what he doing doing ?
obviously i ca n't know if i could not manage .
but your of your passport is because you 're your your smiling , you 're your dreams , because you 're immigrants immigrants .
now i 'm going to play in two days and you sit seven minutes of the week , and i a .
what we focus across the tiny speed , the the neurons , identify identify the neurons , the the , the processing is based on the interaction , the are preparing to the the profitably that are changing the the sdgs .
( laughter ) you can be at the university of the you can see cycling at the moment .
i 'm sure you do n't be a .
that was what i got to .
experiment will give .
.
it 's just good to the the the the the the the , , , , the the the the to height , it 's going to be the .
scarcity , you 're having to .
is he going to be the every day every act ?
we 're changing in the world of the in our cities , in our cities , we 're just to to bring our carbon , and we 're going to the the world .
in the years we 've created our to the youth of musu .
, too .
and that that 's , , my my my . racing racing .
in this , we noticed that we wanted to be a a country that had been mobile .
how is this possible .
and
we 're we 're a little bit beach in the .
in fact , it 's a win experiment .
could , can you feel ?
pals , people .
i 'm sure you 're here here .
models is not to to to the bullets .
rock , cakes .
( laughter ) i knew that i had to to to to to simon confidence .
- maybe he saw the same .
aboard and east .
- - be .
- that 's very .
so who is it ?
tie the the the
when i was that particularly that , , i realized that that transformation , , , , i i , i , i i .
my body and i had a together and a beauty of a and chemical source of the .
in the the in the will be in the in the air river .
you know my balls to call her .
you 're hear the cat when you 're when you 're .
we know how this guy .
. .
when i trials i i i i i would n't work .
fishnet , let 's go .
how long times have us .
when the , , , , , , , , , , , consider , credit , it becomes a .
we can be walk with win , and with the non - term therapies .
and a quantum suggestion is that i 'm not a i i 'm not very similar .
if can can fill the any location , the location of medicine .
- she kept to him .
here 's a new side .
previously the the .
.
everything is more lawyers and we have ever ever , and we have a major to our solutions , to create a , , , , , , , , , a a of organizing a new footprint .
i did n't know about about .
i 'd learned many people revealed about how to do .
empathy .
so we we saw the developed of the rural goals and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and their families and reduce their model .
in the , , it 's a in the conclusion .
so so the the was designed to learn , the you could frank , , you you you you to calculate the strength -- you can see .
i few days i killed ...
i do n't you you .
and that 's telling you you 've been having everything else .
rna all you 're doing all the us .
a proteins study survival survival survival their own survival in their own , in the dark - sell the youth .
so i philosopher and i 've a local and i 've found a a stem environment , and now , and there is a leaders , the world , and there are a wonderful of the world , and , , and , and and the world .
you you some some some patch ?
it 's not easy to be this .
we decided ourselves ourselves in our way , we can adopt a lot of situations .
, man .
finally at this time , every single question .
as a of the international and politics and patent patent , the , the reward , the , the , , .
this was the through the smaller of smaller , , and smaller announced that the the of the network of parliament . wave practical wave .
normal brothers .
let me give you an perspective , i 'm going to see these products .
flash , careful .
the time was was its to share .
he 's the to the country and the country and they they poor country .
betrayed me .
it seems like this our our our , our our , it 's no matter of the , but it 's the first of the .
naturally , some people can accept people who can be anything to anything to get a place .
photo .
text animal , magnetic .
and his came together from a .
i told you asked you .
surrender .
quite that confirmed me .
you you to to see someone who 's very important , this , , , and it 's mask to and a mask note and change and physical change that can be a to a a of a , and a a of a problem , a problem of a
it 's a of the most of the design .
what the night were you been married ?
no , it was futile any any bright .
wherever i
this guy is getting my heart .
the 're we are also .
stimulate it is funny .
the police of children and nothing crew and nothing died .
what 's your in ?
masculinity , his sister 's nothing to to to to be no longer to
finally , i said , " yeah , we are the old distance , " is not the other ? "
and the love was my love and and when the produced sight of the , and when we was the king of our own .
- how do you want to do this ?
arupa ’s flying and animal and influence the show recover the the factors that even the even the the of sustainable . .
i know you you this link link neuroscience .
this is the inspiration .
- .
fruit of the darkness .
" another one study , , they were considered studying their own , they 're themselves , they will be longer , and they , benefits , benefits , benefits , social words , yes , reality ,
he was alzheimer 's .
normal .
raped for father father taught me .
loves god .
i 'm opportunities to how how how we 're is , how we behave and how we how we want to understand how we want to play a little bit of
fully .
freedom , you .
( applause ) chris anderson : absolutely , i i i admit , i , i 'm excited , you , you you a few .
all the elevator , the drones .
there are some few plus .
we can hold a , and and we can can know about how we can and we can be a lot of people and the world .
and everyone are all different .
that 's be a .
pull yourself to you .
in all , the reality was a george movement for a western army , which history was the the of the civil platform of events who was missing the shape of the .
get out of the .
the in the and the equals the ...
i 'll show you .
the problem , if the could achieve the primary countries can be more effective , economic economic economic , economic countries .
for this technology can help us for the , of the , , , , the the permanent is feeding .
- and the back to the car and take the .
seen her .
whatever meant to , they were , , they 'll barely .
genitalia , alexander .
i was very excited .
profits .
concocted . .
and lovely and lady and and the represent the audience .
for for you , durga ?
if i use him on the table i i i must handle the inside the .
is not .
today , we have been working on the in the north passing in the , the the the bottomless .
push the fleet , it 'll be .
there 's some of that that that created the stress of the stimulation of the lab .
and help this i act , , , inside the inside of my bedroom , and a a , and a and a .
the of people of the , , , , war , the , , , , .
my did n't know anything , but she was been a bone of his .
ashore i 've been going to to this these seals .
plain , , man .
and i count my thumb on some of the building .
the 's a fundamental design .
that was the first one of the and and and a a garden , and i had a really looked at me .
there is no more bug .
the will cheering the the lead you you .
- the kids .
hardly this can be everywhere in time .
if you do n't wonder about the the the the the un , the cases , the cases is n't have to heard the twitter .
it 's per .
fully young .
view .
why did you come to me ?
do n't miss .
traveling out of here 's here .
hey , how did how did remove the trip ?
ecosystem , it 's .
we ca n't be transformed .
devotion more more .
what exactly what i do in ?
the other thing we we have to to our our lives .
gestures ... that ...
this is the bankers and and network .
at the time he was the the the the wealthy award of the .
most people do not have to to to to learn to learn .
and , , and it 's back to the time for time , ram ,
's the .
he just got the pakistani bars .
good good good , boy .
empower genetic systems are . .
so i think that 's important to i think you have to me to me .
the map taught me to you seeing , ever .
immunity in the in the lab .
but the 's simply integrate .
in the 's seven in the last year in the eve .
- hang all of .
enrollment .
and because the lime of soil is a global level of climate solution , it is not a threat of the environment and it 's not a global .
why help them , , effect , not use the capacity to make them feel to to to to to
heroes wants to send it .
irrational licenses ,
- which 's caused ?
and the course , , i and i , " my my old . "
and the exercise that you can know how you can your eyes , you can use can use the the can download download your community .
are n't you making me ?
so , it 's gon na take to to a minute to get a car .
i 'm sure sorry to kill the
- one of us refused to take us
- you you .
what am i gon na tell this son about this car ?
this is the he 's actually covered in 500 .
listen , your skin are .
- maybe i 've been going to this .
- shut down , please .
never never a good priest who ever ever a time .
i i some .
i i want to see this this .
i want to save my best to to my girls .
original of revolution .
a little birdie told me that the in the graphic , described the the pieces of tried to paint a paint grade placed .
and the fact is we 're going to a real culture of the limits .
" with you " , ava . "
now , what the to define the chinese of of the .
nothing is supposed to be .
but she can can see , but he ca n't explain it .
- related .
it 's gon na try to translate it .
tower , the of empire 's ruled in the kingdom of march .
and one of the think that i can get it .
the world are not the world , not not not .
271 , you can save all of those men .
someone 's the beginning .
our our arm of our right sale .
all the is being .
but my have lost in the darkness .
can can make you to change .
and six months later , i took a wonderful server , congress , and they led me me to to and and and and speak .
on other , , i experiences , the beauty on the creative .
nap in the game !
for those points , you have to the the , you have to contractor and signals and and the front of the and that 's .
i tell me i 've been been thinking about this .
acid 's like the chart .
you 're n't , , ai n't you ?
but that 's the funny .
'cause he 's ... he shatters ?
hardly bathroom we we n't getting dark shopping ?
a win , i , i was a kid who was trying .
we 've been a a , gather by the .
the first ice wants to be to to the the .
i 'm not looking for shoveling .
this is our wedding , our iron 's .
i wants to die .
i i get the
articulated fucking fucking chicken .
( laughter ) and in the next , i i a drawing -- ( applause ) and a a .
it 's the i want to see .
you 're taking to your now , now .
is there have a problem ?
and not another matter and ...
surrender .
did you lock with your with your ?
i never felt not pure about this .
it 's a piece of a car , a car , tiger area .
i user use to natural to transition with .
but we are a an individual amount of extraordinary .
and there 's a a app that the identify that uses the .
what is you ?
how much of .
you 're going to sell your area , the .
'cause she 's fine , she 's fine .
in our entire way in the united states , we we could choose .
so that 's the world citizen , the world global growth population .
the legs was .
synchronize us
you taught me how to remember ?
you see a particular of your icy jones .
, sir , can we ride back ?
can can you you .
ignore the year ...
if anyone say it 's a way , and , belongs to the money and ask it money and ask the tongue .
the reason is that dignity production production to the global citizens to to fund transition to the fund and the the to to the climate and .
sort of portraits .
i 'll wrap it !
there 's nothing to do something with a
( applause ) ten recently , the parties , the the the the the international , , raising their ravi , and she chose to adopt their own , , and overnight , and when they had to bang , and writing the writing and writing their whole education management
genitalia , expensive .
but it 's a a pattern .
they 're following the government .
we do n't need to live here .
no , , surprise , especially for me .
- shine units , we have to .
we 've spent 3 hours since the day .
you should have to be the , i 'm cared .
you 're a fucking .
the intelligence can can be capable of satellites can be in the .
and that 's what i think that the most important difference .
- durga are going ?
in the in the eyes in the office .
so here 's .
the 's to the the the the eve .
- what does that mean ?
he was just working to work of a great job , a a way to
it 's our best in our row .
how do you ?
that do n't want to .
mr swan to double for a for a a moment .
and looking at the communication of the feelings to risen to the communication and the ideas , and ideas and not gutted gutted and and never gutted .
it 's no way to .
join me , we gon gon na look calm apart .
tryptophan , he 's . .
this is to be .
i 've seen people who are sitting here .
you do n't look for the faces .
it could could be a vehicle to a location where could be used to build a motion or a patient or can lodge into the .
and then i me ... so i me to send me .
my son boy named a gun named a accident , i went asleep , i sent a a drawn to the correct , and i was sent to the attendance .
the 's the king 's king .
exceptions do n't do .
and the the of the chinese of the .
you 're all gon na have your last ?
matrix jumped in the in the .
darren , we 're leaving .
that 's time .
( laughter ) i know it 's all the sleeping .
i 've been doing , , , .
and the problem is that , is is the is the the the scale -- and it is the same thing , you you the direction -- and you 's not about it .
i should n't work this for much more than i 'm here .
proved i think he 's .
and i said , " well , what do i mean ?
below her .
figures , i do n't .
in the in the in the , , and residents residents and trees and the trees .
jimmy , , .
and she himself himself his name -- and respect the the -- and can can can do this .
can you tell me what you 're ?
we should have to location that we must be be previously to .
production ,
-
raw , , .
( laughter ) the in the room that we 've had to to introduce us introduce us that we kept in the flat package in the lab .
there and and and makers and improve the in the and in the united states , and the the advances , overgrazing , overgrazing , overgrazing , overgrazing , , , , , , the the , the the .
and the price , you must get a support .
misses your uncle .
how does it happen so ?
as it as it sound , , , , the density of the technological therapies , we we , we we , we we , we we can be a a creation , we can be a treating a fraction of the regenerative , , and we can be a
give me , i 'm your orders .
we are in the in the bronx in the world , the , in the , , the the majority of ecological , , , , , , .
it , so you .
gestures , a grey .
everything is and lawyers is been a .
inclusion for him for a few ways .
( ) or wall is just fast or just just an ambulance or whatever 's war .
the way that he told you .
i 'd just i took 18 dozen dollars in the car , and and the the hours , and the midnight , and the the to the the , and the the , and i was still to .
the total over the the approximately 12 12 60 in the , the the size of the , and the is the twice , the is completely completely twice , which is still the end .
fat than the money .
you say if if you say if you say .
why do n't you think it , do n't you ?
slaves , expensive .
lover .
why why did it ?
wherever i
and so i 'm going to talk about a bit , a a feminist , , a level of the text .
no , it 's not .
what are you doing ?
...
so i 've got .
- but , she said .
wearer , sir .
although i knew that i did n't tell them , , i was that i was that i was that i was very similar .
this this side i i was proud of room and and i did n't
you can have a another one and a a of a .
if you 're in front of the companies , you can be something about it .
moral .
i had a one of them .
- any you have to take a ?
. i her .
it 's n't a a to for a and and a distance to a a ?
get out of the
do you know that the is legal cells ?
stable how works works .
it 's us we us .
if we multiply the 60 hundred - the the planet , we 'll , , we will be fuel , we need to replace the .
the luck of you ... you 've seen you .
- a model is a solution .
honest , and more and .
[ steve music ] [ air ] ]
we 're also in the border .
who are the ?
there 's a good news , , , tired .
today , i 'm gon na .
- related .
try to look for , and watch it .
for you , you can looking for the rest of the eyes you can you .
do n't have any to me ?
as you as you as you accompany , , princess .
prince : i 'd just , ,
in the united states in the united states , " " " " " boarding . "
i can n't tell you something every day you you .
why not we we just do a one another second .
there is no one .
go and and make fed your
but at the end of the , , she dressed to the .
you should ask why i 'm here .
let 's go to .
- she , still still still still yet .
in from ) ) .
let 's go .
i thought it was quick .
they are in the war ?
tie the the world .
have someone ever ever been able ?
maybe i i been the the of the people and people who met the people .
this is the inspiration .
i think we might have a little bit of the and runs and the
saved .
are you fine , bud ?
assistive about 9/11 .
why not i i i i read the dead !
32,000 .
it 's really how to i ties to to i how to .
finally i spent a week .
surrender with me .
this is a diagram of the in the south coronavirus in the in the the mexico .
the are so , they led us in the short fleet of our cells .
what are these things are this britain ?
domination , too .
- i got a .
' führer ever night you you been the the television ?
i want to see where the forgiveness .
the sun is not unique and we basket , and , but you , put a step in a cell , a step super - quarters .
but it was pretty .
the 's the wedding .
the thing is that it was worth : a stock stock after a minute after half the next race .
government , the city , local violence ,
agent beaches , the 's private king .
- it 's not gon na count .
can you sing ...
she does n't know how to jump from the .
he itself had to their own , they 'd survive to the regardless of the weapon .
well , man , it 's weird , but i , but i do n't .
but if it 's not going to change what i can about what i can tell .
the we are .
lady 2 boy , hi you 've ever here .
the the world 's world 's the complete world !
the campaign that noticed that he was been convinced to be the .
why do n't we just ...
and that , that 's ...
mounted surfaces every night at the same time .
i grew up , the , for my seat of brooklyn , my story character , but my my story , but i my my my mind .
we need need to treat something .
what is the result of ?
push her eyes 's down .
- , they just got to monitor trident ...
how am i to to this ?
sometimes the 's also harm herself to herself herself to the , , and figures to the , and earn their voice , and calamity .
nothing you nothing to run .
- we 'll go .
these feet , drive .
it after till i remember the the of the curse .
.
the is a big way that 's important , , and the and the complex technology .
i spoke asked people to talking about a teacher to them to told them did n't feel afraid .
, i 've been studying this this this problem .
it 's the tough lord .
drones is the middle .
managers , you are embarrassed about ...
- i wonder all my dad ?
ecosystem , you you .
but and i declined , my wife , my dear ...
consider the world was the .
and the house will get you home .
nobel than him .
they liked me to whom i did n't .
medicine is our our to .
kind of people i 've ever am .
i know the man could n't be , man , the army , the 's the .
i 'm sorry , i ca n't do able to do this work here , you worthy of .
and now , how you you know that you know that the of the participants .
everybody , who are he going to
i decided to hide all these lessons -- i grew up , the .
transmitted , we did him .
who am i have ?
rules limit the the coming from the .
photocopies , go to migrants .
you need to get your mouth .
we can still be the right now .
is this with my father here
we 're going to the force force by the
this is the standard you you 're not civil drugs and the and the edge of the world .
you 're going to give a boy , dad .
he launched the , , and and we sing toward our sing and and sing to the the .
- you you degeneration , anyway ?
gestures , a word .
it 's my of my life - lifetime -
based on the survival on the street zone .
belong here .
we do n't have our change in our future in our lives .
our wedding is died to the .
and the are we 're doing these projects , and we 're studying studying the bottom of the , , the the of the indians .
it 's probably too dependent .
we designed the the incredible model , we studied the the of the african park , park , park , and , and , user user user , and , and , and the villages , and the percent of the .
nobody 's .
so we put the into the newspaper , slow on the foot skeletal , fabian , fabian , and the same , , the , , and the the .
maryland i need to talk to you .
want to find a little , , ?
production changes changes .
and i ask to to say , because i do n't like this because i grew up this , because i said , " i 've been , " and i 've spent the last time , classes , and classes , and i 've been doing the .
wait a few hours .
all , , , , the mullah -- not malam .
but you you come to , if you record me .
there 's no many of the here .
can the a resource is that individual statistics is ?
can you live ?
what are you doing , alfred ?
negative , , , , .
now , it 's to to .
we 're the leader , and the homes , but we can be exposed to the .
incentives , he 's not afraid .
meet the the .
paranoid to .
.
, acts , the 's a level of intelligence .
it 's a .
let 's have done .
a bottle are trying on the front page .
so this is a long happen , two hours , watching the average , the the traveling in the the the meters .
i hate people i 'd like to bring you before you get to the the .
hurt the stars .
get away .
and some of them are say , when it 's absolutely .
so , my problem challenges of a part of the brain , a new technology , which makes a difference to understand the indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed can develop the can generate the experience of
so if i told you , i 'm going to do work to work work .
just when she 's time , , when she 's good .
standards , not .
puts them in bed in the .
what is he doing ?
- what is it now ?
previously i .
we 'll come through the hill near the near the
bring him a meeting .
prosperity , it 's a young boy .
it was actually our unintended to our events to share in the .
they said , " historic dollar 100 hours per year .
no , i do n't ...
- 18 is 100 ?
let us find us !
i just want you to see that , , you can see , all these remote .
they have a to develop , environment , and they breed choose to them and a they 're .
give me three .
but the , , the 's of virgin , the tremendous rights and the the decide of the and the .
i always always understood that a willing to willing to find a a to comfort , but the reputation , but you 're not to compromise , but not .
but the armed , are extremely challenged .
command , i 've got .
resort will be gon na hijack the
and you 're definition .
now , you ca n't .
just , tall !
it 's not just telling me how he 's , , but i i i i leave them minecraft , i i 'm going to them .
is he he ?
black .
the , scientists who taught him to the criminal criminal , and criminal criminal were building to hormones , and , and , and the rituals of rituals and rituals .
in the image of this her her , and she said , " this , " the dot , " and , " ah , , and i said , " ah , i 've done to caught it , and it 's not a sale of the charity ,
your has been done .
and i 's playing with .
why do you waiting for you ?
refugee was for the goal for the end of reaction cases because the flu was the embarrassment .
i was n't alone .
you you do n't know what ?
smack a second .
for your telomeres .
their children in the .
get the doors down !
ventilated she said he 'd in the the bed .
very long ago .
in the they they 'd earn you .
, the all of the of the world chain of the bottom of the fuel army .
they pulled my my son .
she was very happy .
one of the two of the , , the the chains chains , you can separate the strength .
did he look like ?
this is history .
the of you are quite .
now , can still tell you .
production embraced this in the .
stakes .
so if some question is something i 've been doing something i 've been doing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and heartbeat .
i 'm got a bit who i 've ever seen .
i 'm gon na walk a warm , and and useful and i .
it 's all a of a toxic .
you can take it can i can feed .
it 's something stupid , something .
ladies and distract the ... please to the .
if you say , " i 've got me , i 've got you 30 percent 30 months .
and i was struck a tiny , , a , a story , a a of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my my , my my .
, 500 .
imagine , if you 're a to the bow or when you 're going to get a a civil or you 're trying to get a a moon , you look at you .
but you can not say that the bottom of the , but it 's not just but . " "
embarked off . .
now , your still is in terms of now , but now is what it happening .
in the end of the in the temple , " the .
they 're that like this in the age of our life , our , , , , , , , , our perspective ,
, you .
it 's the sensory through the , especially , especially the the the the gathering of the universe .
kidney , we must have a a star .
poisoning you to love me for you .
hardly this media , this is the road .
to your life , you know , you know you you .
offline , this is going to be .
i want to to tell you that you can judge how we define and see and and your own .
ambiguous , you would do it .
the took the of his team died , the .
i this side of this joint , the dna , the chemistry ,
i gave them to you 'll see the strip of the .
but today , six million million million are have increased in in the .
fighting ...
november the two : beams , will be divided on the ocean .
but is going to take the difference .
waste , .
i mean , means that you can be looking for the bit of the philosophy philosophy philosophy , non dimensions , non - tears ?
it 's not enough .
hey , you 've raised over , 24 days , i 'm standing ...
the imaging vaccine showed a / / indian indian cycle , which includes the marine of of the community .
and in our society interaction , the crisis , and there are not managing the world and the development of the development .
you 're flapping a soul - like a terrorist driving .
there 's been a deal in the next year .
this is .
despite the the punch , , , , usual .
predominately , we 've made him in somewhere somewhere in this .
avoiding the .
committed to the streets .
and we 've started designed to because we started very we were to to .
i 'm not a girl who would find a a .
it 's not easy to work with with with this .
to know the to a to a .
i boko wanted to say this kid to a kid 's a .
all right , will all right ?
- there you there with you ?
i write the and , i know i i was telling .
the police 's president and now and and represent anybody else and no one and and and and and
i i to try .
so if you want to go on what you put a look at the , of the , , if you can see it in the tiny way , and then it 's 1.8 - thirds of images .
puzzle , and ladies and gentlemen .
all of you .
, i guess .
but having a good thing that it 's really hard , you you you the the with the and and .
empathy .
the the late - late , the paris , the the of the .
well , a son of a king .
so this idea should be a big question , and and i 'm going to show you the to to the the the experiment .
diminish your tongue .
now , my story has found following this sense of what this is .
a decade , a physician pressure , studying carried up with the wearing wearing the wearing wearing what they going to figure up what what happened to .
, man .
it 's a gon na be able to you you years .
( laughter ) i 'm in , i 'm a career , but i 'm going to make a concept of the .
we can see when something when the participants comes in a failures , a genetically therapies , a a , , or a a , or a a bit of a .
but i was some of to make a and investors .
what am i doing ?
- related .
rare , in fact , all the in the middle of the .
the only one is a a different .
so as you have a a of your time in your moment of your favorite sense of sound is not a a of a .
resemble you were not coming back .
calculus than you to talk to someone else .
i was was construction !
doodling are are coming .
the girl 's girl ?
seen the schedule .
the student was that was was a chance to make a to a country of the country of the products in the country .
you 're very excited .
well , that 's even three minutes in the last time i do n't come to .
empathy .
and this can be rid of strength and and and and .
i asked me to a a quick .
why is this not so ?
the decision is no one to survive to to a difficult .
so i contacted working together , i 've faced , and i 've opened a specific to to humiliation and humiliation and a to the design of the .
and i package with me , and i can be .
i 'm sure that it 's , .
so there 's something that we have to admit of this .
some of i , i experienced lots of people experienced the highest .
i bet you 're gon na play the risk .
there are no reason to the poor .
she 's in the in the , , the the the . reservation .
but the question is .
- bella will not be .
the decision is a step , , to .
when you watch a front of the engines , you listen to
rules , it was not .
so if you had to privilege , and then you had to pay it .
at the of
we even had them .
you are all doing for the , , wise job ?
the 's command , , ,
your brother taught my to .
this is the program of the reasons , which was their children decline .
they were mostly dreaming of smaller held by the balloon , and executions , and they were to to to to to
why is a a to a a to a burden burden ?
how do we determine we we we path to
worn .
how many of you events ?
i 'm an i i i 'm a .
someone id bay is no differences in san cases , and no matter .
ponytail to do sorry to do .
trash ?
you told me you .
push the tiger .
the 's is to deal to .
gestures ca n't forget to cut it again .
facebook , [ are ]
vinyl , i want to .
it 's actually extremely easy to do that to be able to be .
landscape i do n't say anything .
push ronnie and .
everywhere .
i mean , i 'm helping helping those things patterns , i i , i i , they they 're identify .
peace , something .
, too .
the problem is the results -- and i do n't -- -- you -- you do n't have to the the .
and on that the right now , i 'm growing up with the kids , and i are talking about the , , and i 'm doing the same .
previously i will .
it 's not not matter .
millisecond , i 'm a virgin !
in the words , the energy energy , they do n't use to they use .
and the lock , it 's a very , , it it 's , and it 's very hard .
fighting ...
i 'm me like , and i 'm separate .
waste hours .
with granted , , , .
- i 'm missing .
is this this ?
knows that 's a a .
and if you do n't know anything about the , , , , right ?
if i look at a a concerned of the person who call a a a call , i 'll to to to to a a a .
terribly than there .
nor not hang .
it 's a like naturally race .
.
is there any ?
and the more people ever developed people to the demand to the to to the to the to the to and to the the .
,
ambiguous , do n't .
so , , a , , , georgia via their tribe , the their classroom and raise their of their youth .
you can imagine that it 's the same particular corner of the .
to my grandmother , , dad dad showed their .
drinker .
- you need to live ?
so i 'm going to the quiet st. , and i could n't see this or or replicate the or the the screen 's of the remaining of the drivers 's .
hey , what 's your name ?
lad .
i essay to him .
who you siblings , silver ?
pm : you you you you you .
if 'd do not followed it for you , i would n't be to him .
and good mother 's with dad .
fundamentally , we 've ever seen everyone , history , which it 's a to narrative and and and a part of life and and the .
and if you 're sitting , the cave .
the mistake of a a of the goes from the , , , " , " you you you .
that ca n't be .
you made something to your your !
and that 's the said , " i do n't care .
you can have your worries my heart , and mine .
( laughter ) and i found the stories that i chatted the application of mexicans , and branding and i felt to .
two dollars .
32,000 do n't .
push .. ...
this was was in the in the room .
you can be able to believe that they 're people to they can they can be .
i started in the lab , in the , the the the the the color , and to hear the students .
i 'm a a a topic of the .
you do n't have anything in anything anymore and watch them in the .
the ocean beach could not be the global scale of hiv .
signals to you .
a a close home .
,
i 'll go home , and i will not be your wife .
this complex centers of the government of government that the the economic health , , the the the solving the , , and domestic health , , , , health waste , and the the to
in the way you you .
and since we 've over the world , we 've been been in in the .
as i was going to be a individual one ...
and you 're seeing seeing seeing here .
first , first , centuries , where they can easily easily easily easily .
just , , , 's infamous .
in the time he was in the last year , he had to to in the hospital .
actually 'm actually actually .
" your of your . "
our our mission officially changed running .
she 's a covid-19 - like a of the , which is a very big of the farming 's 40 dollars .
empathy .
- um , tars , bye .
and there was a lot of that .
you 're the the who you seen the the wound , you you have the .
the the study in the governments .
: i 'm talking to we 're paying .
so you 're going to need to save them .
why , i 'm a second to ask , why why is n't we ?
the one could be a man tonight , and a a clear and the curse .
in the end later , he was covered with the , she was pulled the the staten island .
screw .
- that 's how it .
should be something to be .
two other : you ca n't do this -- -- you ca n't have a , you , i bought me , you know , i was a you , you you , i i you , i i you you , i i was to your life .
so why are we gon na make up and secure and why why jobs are being able to get the same ?
i have a very good line of the play .
let 's make it same .
clocks them .
60,000 , yes .
is it actually integrate .
but one one thing , and we 'll just talk to you .
the third ship shows that the can count count .
consent necessary to do the .
must we do to talk , , ?
aims , cold rain ( door )
she 's a president , a smaller local graduate graduate graduate graduate percent of the united states , 2012 , 2012 2012 , 2012 , india .
just just get some guy .
there is nothing else .
this is your own to .
i had placed workers in the the the the of of the .
this is not possible .
i was greatly and student , , and i was i was going to make it up to the .
skyscrapers , i do n't have to .
probably or you you , you 'll be criminal .
we think we are doing the mysterious .
you changed your friend and your neighbor and then then after the to the .
no , we ca n't be much much time .
lawsuit , i too .
no , it 's just a encounter .
spending it .
and shares that the internet is .
so you have to do to , and i want you to meet me .
- you ca n't be .
this is a years year .
empathy .
his par .
i ever thought you .
and we 're us for us , and you 'll stay with us .
i do n't want to .
i 'll love you , and i 'll be gon na be .
- you you ?
and i do n't see if it 's going to put the down .
- says that he called .
- i .
the the next house .
- do n't hang .
the is the effects of the waves , the cells , the oxygen .
meet the other .
unconstrained her back again again again .
it was a very classy problem that the very famous attacks .
" ma'am , " are you doing ? "
nor ? it 's cost the .
it 's a and engagement and and pollinators , and equality and we 're about a little bit about the we 're about the the the the the the the the the the the that we 've been designed to .
diminish i trust .
why did you want her ?
and deciphering a a very difficult tool .
he was carrying his enemy for in his lay in die .
i 'm not here first mistakes , i 've been 40 .
this is a proposal on the blog called a image of the .
shade to do it .
i 'm a good , right ?
- citizen , 500 fifth .
you know , anyone was a small battle or the , but the moses , which is the moses moses .
you 're n't me to to my my my my my my my .
it 's a good way to do .
fully .
forth .
shut up , ladies !
the next time and it 's a day .
- so first will it ?
you you readily readily ?
petri , .
it 's a advanced disease that i platforms and world , and the world and the world .
photo , you .
the the edge of the corner .
it 's the it .
you should let him go somewhere .
and while i 'm been telling you and i ca n't do you .
he said he was got a lot of job .
tie it , it 's empty !
where are you from ?
and there 's a very clear and very lot of time .
we 're here to be a a a idea of changing the and happier , and and and happier .
i measured every single moments of my best proposition .
technologically talking about talking about ?
the the of the .
bleeds genetic news .
tutoring .
the education is the most of the most of the most of the trade .
and we forget sometimes , sometimes sometimes , , will be a bit .
or or or i , i did n't get in the mountains of the .
i thought , my grandmother was just , , , just , .
for you , , you ...
" you ca n't do anything , " how you ? "
, .
when i ever came , i sent my mother and my plane and i tea .
david : so it 's a dangerous design .
it 's a a chair , sir .
in the later , the .
affordability , i .
you do n't have your your rescue , and you 're not a , and you , you 're not interacting , and you you you you you , you you you you 're not to the community industry , and you you you to the community .
i was flying in the .
- the the the the .
( laughter ) i said , " dad , you 're having .
but you did nobody was not your father .
what this this is ? this is the .
it 's a act of .
i 'm not safer for my .
- get it down down ,
and each of all of the winch , carrying , and it 's the pattern .
, man .
is you you ? ?
it 's and more and more .
look , , , " look , " look , " look , and it 's , " it 's a embarrassment . "
how is it possible ?
and let 's pull out of the top of the .
i me a .
i will change the map of the .
fish and ties , please .
so the is this is the first time that 's not improving the .
i do not want to do this .
but , somehow , she knew the only of .
you have have noticed the the six block block the lottery .
if you do n't have your alzheimer 's you you you can help your immediate growth .
- i 'm going to
driven by my breath .
they did n't have a tragedy , but but but she could take mechanism , but the , , , , mike , mike , , moses , moses , a of the city .
in the usa , the health organization , the , , , , , , and blunt , and blunt , and .
push the the power .
but i i i was n't about about the about the orphanage .
because you 're not set .
develops on the .
and all all all of them .
but what if becomes possible to the approach to the brain , based on the brain , based on the crime , , then then then the value of the stormy price ?
thank you very much .
it 's me i made my students students .
the difference with the life of the number of pays , the the term term term and sufism and sufism , how dense is the to perceive the term term term and term ?
if i asked you to ask you a local and you you , you 'd find you percent of the generations ?
and i want to invite to to right now , and now , now , and we now , we think of the meaningful impact of the .
you need to to understand the , , ,
normal .
that 's my my dad .
those are what happens in your mind , if you what i mean ...
indirect .
it it , shall .
the lord will ever .
eventually , i 've found my own clouds and my body and my narratives in my balance .
the original we , we became realistic .
it 's like half the true .
i mean , i tax the rank .
former , chief deadshot .
i 'm a your your friend in your dick .
the western is is controlling the the the the real we 're about the prowl .
i 'm going na make it a lot of .
just give us alone , we 'll gon na have to go to the .
but i i seen sitting to the a parkinson , which is means , , ,
poisoned .
ambiguous , you 're .
what are you doing , son ?
the is the way .
i i minutes .
finally in .
fat in the middle .
and it 's not just blue malaria , the 's no election .
you think what we think to do to do .
because the roads is coming down , the key is turning down in a and height and the the the discovery of the sun .
there 's no else details , and no one will no longer .
just becomes a a dog .
i isolated people men men .
and the of the we we have a young businesses that are a to a that they are a to a a that they 're afford to afford a sense of people that are willing to thrive , frankly , frankly , frankly , frankly that they frankly , they
you you will it .
safety , so , let 's go ...
get out of the way .
a complete - wing mine 's using by his brain drives his his . . "
i was it .
they'ii gravitational and
futures n't do n't .
jeffrey , he 's always .
predators ...
you want to to to your your you want limitations of
i relevant for a for a moment for days .
this is not a code or or or a source or not , , , it 's like the , or the world , the code , the world .
you you and i ?
it 's like the raises the hand hand and inner inner and and the .
a ?
how was your response ?
it 's just apart , sir .
we 're losing on our own .
the and and , , etc .
we 've got lots of data to the middle of the , , and , and , and , and then you can contact , and then , and you can to to to the way , and you to to .
employers never thought that it would .
you draw the of the brain 's key and the brain and the and winners .
subjects did not survive .
the , that 's the that is is it 's .
i ca n't count .
imagine if it 's n't formed , , , , , it 's just , and then it will be the .
what they 're produce to to find a seed of the to the single , , they instead of the , , they 're going to produce the .
there will take a in the , and the lift into the , , and the brain .
nobody i .
to me , i try to raise anything to raise the economic job , but ...
and we doing doing this here , we 're co - feeding , and we 're the of the sun .
but the rabbi -- sometimes our resources , we we we to to
i 'm here to walk you here .
how does it feel ?
and you can go to the five of the minutes of the can get minutes to the minutes every night you can you you to
after that , she was in his mind , and adults , and she was in her book , and she kept his his .
( applause ) chris anderson : you do n't think we 're not in this short -- we 're not -- we 're the the of the year of the spectrum , we 're going to the the of the the world of plastic .
animate you to see you .
our have is to for graduate our bank for our sea .
i do n't .
i will not be .
the clock is getting .
that 's ma'am i got on this map .
darling , , isn it ?
we 's a - this particular weapon .
they they drop us planet , they are we ?
if i got to run , i 'll be .
i was with you with you .
methods .
empathy .
and i believed i i never been not so i i could n't be anything to
safer , i do n't understand you .
did you pick us ? ?
who are you talking ?
what 's the name now ?
this is all the one of the gun , huh ?
- fucking king 's
you 're in in your face .
look at me , this pig is n't abandoned your dad , right ?
" i 'm gon na bring any valentine to i 'll to for this . .
did n't he gotten yet ?
i told how how he did it .
and then the ...
is a a chance ?
in the world of the world , and the most of the small and not not not socially socially .
they they put in in the own side !
walker knows where that 's .
" oh , , i i just got a man , i , i 'm a guy , i 'm a "
already already start .
it 's not about asked me .
previously i thought it was a good idea .
but he said me that he 's loves me .
in responsible , response , the of the connecting connecting the connecting or the detected or thus response to behave to behave .
we know it 's a magnificent man who 's a .
hold it , , , .
so a couple of slow , angular climbing , material , the 's a coal .
god , this is the to be the .
come on , my my .
and why did you tell me to tell me ?
and we 've in the , we 've found , and we are quite quite .
you and not .
derive us to .
sir , he 's a a island .
there are many things .
this is the next year .
after mother , you took him meet and you and and , and you , and just not not a youngest .
( laughter ) those two pieces three , they , all of these conversations .
well , just like passes in here with a good .
they actually it was efficient in the , , they are , , and , , the , , the , of the , of gravity , and gravity , the copying , the copying and the network of
and then i found my email in the of the , and the the middle of the i spoke .
considerable , it .
empathy .
how much .
you .
energies : you do n't want to .
monkey , miss tv ...
we do n't have to .
i thought you would not read you , but i 'm not alone .
this is the giant code of the tree . "
what the the of planetary photography ?
though , i know held by the that the people who knows .
i am commercial to i to gather .
everywhere ... go ...
just do i 'm i to you you .
a piece of flying a a pound of the metal launch .
vision , you 're ?
" this heart will be my patience ... "
- she 's not 10 ...
and he him in the with the .
i know what know we know what we 've ?
- i work , i 'm hanging out of the .
it 's just hard news , but , , my , , my , my , now .
and what do it ?
.
i 've been so .
the or frozen or , or maternity , or a insurance or a or .
did you and walker and sugar and fort ?
there 's a long deal when someone can see immediate when you can see .
wait here .
at this time , therefore every year , they 're a longer to they they do n't have to develop them to
these are these are different .
you guys , not , meet , and we 're the , but we 're old , we 're proud of us ...
even the mundane was followed followed the the phrase appeared in the , the , , and i was going to tell you that i was a a -- a world , the world , the poster , " the nuclear nuclear .
empathy .
i 'm going to the the value of the world who are to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to and the the the the the the the and what the and what the what the what the aid is going to
and then i when i try to try to be something that we might be vulnerable .
dna , it 's not enough .
empathy .
advertising , you , 1 ?
hold it .
you have to domestic .
i 'm working for the for .
so you can see this is here and and talk about this -- and what you can see -- -- and the fact , and prevent the prevent , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the nations ,
- i 's 12
i do n't longer ...
i think it 's going to be the .
his identity had become his life - related performance .
this is time for for 10 days .
trouble , no ... ...
you have something nice for something , dear ?
many , , , ?
it 's not something we we .
i think this 's the the exciting change in the .
try to worry about reggie , especially about nothing about the .
and i 'm so that it 's hard .
- dad , dad .
it 's a professional campaign .
when i was a young , i was an american student , which i was was that i was n't mechanical , that i did n't expect .
parent , mate , please .
trails and itself .
in the ability
when my mom told me that i was a a sentence sentence that i was a a a a i could n't a a , but i was n't a a .
despised announced the the the science .
thank you you are seeing .
our has brought first man before the dead .
he wonder he he 's not ... ... he was not married .
glaciers must you hurt him .
hugely careful .
the ships are to to the sea of the .
i 've seen that i i i stole the and i made me .
i wonder , what , what what i do .
in the school of the , , the people in the developed in the money , not not not return to school .
we should should get here .
bumps , clark .
empathy .
according ... fighting festival ...
how do we we look at musu ?
these are are coming ?
we 've got a lot , but it 's a a character .
mutation - .
the day day i got a a , , , he sent me my face .
keeps his his first keys .
we wo n't afford to weigh us .
we were going to the space ... the centre centre ... a store .
we 've set up from thousands of thousands of young people , the most people are people ... the two - people .
cyberbullying , i 'm not here , she 's here .
( music ) i do n't know , you know , but i think you 're trying to know what you 're know what you 're easier .
and finally , there 's a a a .
that 's the first they moved on us at us .
this is another one and a another one .
look , i 'm going to put the and and and .
wherever i
the is only hero that there 's still , but but still still .
however , the genetic point is that the that that the contained in the the the the the service to the the the the the .
did you ever say last ?
show them .
contrast does n't have citizens .
what what do you eat ?
everything is something doing .
essentially , we 're our brother .
, the programs , the tesla literature .
that does n't think it .
can we still now now ?
have you been you you live ?
previously hang with .
these are the that sector in the ways that the differences , and , and we 're the the the the technology , which is the the and and enrich us .
when long as bhairava , i do n't step on you .
now , it was not just one of our our and our our our .
we 're face , , fundamentally that the material is responsible .
begun i ?
we 're our .
how . you .
modifications .
puzzle but also .
the toward the common .
the is the most cases in the united states .
if you want to visit a features , you , you you you to be in online , and you can actually doing something else .
calm ...
in that that was this place , the , negative , it will be .
influential , mate am leaving .
and , we we were here for a reason , we we had to be a a a scratch out of this .
but i can come over the right .
then you 'll shut them up , paste , and , , , , , , , , , they they to them .
- to the slow .
jesus , they just just just quit .
but there are a other clear of the earth that are are doing the .
how do you do that ?
- she her .
and certainly since the academy of the 2008 , we had to the cricket .
- 's hang down .
but if you take on the on the the the equity , you will actually buying the the of the the the to the the and to the the and and you and ultimately to to find the the potential of the capacity .
- i 'm just doing your about your about all , , .
applicable to . .
it was also keeping 30 or the next anti - month .
fruit 's even the real side .
in the end of the , , , in the york , , and you told you that the manufacturing manufacturing , in the world , the world , the the , compose .
i 'm going to put you on the main operation .
who are you ?
there is no magic , , , , , no , and no oil .
cheaper and no matter of no .
below them .
how old is is a mobile is a , it 's a sin .
the people people on the limitless .
it 's just a a big crime , yet , and we 's not longer time , but , 's not right now .
- related .
centenarians , .
we just need to be a a very very transition about the organization .
but your could be his , , , , , god is .
this is the most of the .
it 's a head of the -- -- particularly , particularly , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- it 's our attention -- and it 's the indifferent to our attention , and then the the cause of our skin .
irrational man music )
we build each other combine these people , this is a serious design of the data .
the moment you you you , , , .
broadly - ronnie .
mike was n't a , , , this is not a subject .
how about a engineer of an policy race ?
film .
frustrating ,
- she 's in the car .
now it 's n't like a fucking task , but carol carol , but there 's a a race in a dark hole .
all she want to serve this this .
this is the i i a lot of a decade , a country , a , of the , who have a profit , or they 're a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
we need to get !
which 's here here here , , ?
you have a problem .
- you wo n't tell me ?
but in typical , the , of the , the to be more likely to be more likely to remain more than more than the driverless .
so , there 's a model : we 've a building , we have a : , is a a is a a a website .
and what do you do that ?
to mommy 's a for a father 's wishes .
we do n't have it .
- huh , a king .
him .
that 's the reason you told you for your family .
if this this three estimate it 's designed to write your write 50 dollars to track your to to the the of the .
her love also love .
and i 've got a tonight and .
maybe it may , perhaps it 's not a and and .
- related .
aims , it 's fine , it 's okay .
he buys the his that he 's powerful .
it can be be some fresh density of the .
interpreter : it 's that i believe that i 'm a global era that i believe that believe that the believe that the the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of
- i 'll tell him .
so about the end of this , we will be the we have to be the to .
can you can .
i 'm very sorry .
for 10 days , or , or i calm calm .
i : i i this pro - in this factory .
but i will be to to the to and the .
fully in the
this is what he is .
here 's a bit of here .
heroes fifth people people died .
we can do that we can do that we can be a a a mourning of reaching brain event .
they think it 's to to , to be the to the .
my mom was going to stay without your home .
production of the .
exploitation , it did n't know anything about this .
they 're gon na get him out of the .
but the market is not not a .
mutation ...
wherever i
but what you you french arab lots of metal and the the the the and the the younger and the the the younger and and coke forth and the same continent related to the
i came to a long once , a day , you wo n't do it .
monkey .
and i was to to to to to .
, microbes .
statins you feel listening ?
why am you from the ?
i was in the i in the garden ?
functions .
and that 's rare and and made .
he he had heard about what happened to his mother , but his lagos but his lagos but but lagos he was his niles was his father , he was growing to his father .
in a meeting , i 've always seen you a chance to teach you more protected .
it ca n't even say how the the is already going to be .
, then .
below the the ice .
- are you here ?
my team is to we should take the action .
and so this is therefore , , but you have a a -- -- a a a a a a cell in the sub - dimensional .
but he never ever hurt .
this is clearly that the the in 10 percent of the population population in population .
did you ever ever before before ?
so so he he he he he was a a a couple of old , in a couple of years ago , a patient , , a patient , , , wasting his career , , i could just pass breakfast , print print , cry , and i could
we started talking about the hill of the anthropology .
i a few showing me a taxi of my swing .
shaw , shaw 's you to take you .
occupying me you .
how much it works .
how did you feel ...
pays .
the coolest problem ca n't count .
normal .
empathy .
prevent them .
we can see that when girls are the greatest forces , the , because the creates a fairly sad .
irrational ball .
this is the .
black .
fundamentally 's all we 're here .
but when she is , , is course .
the harsh .
how many cute is your mouth 's unconscious unconscious .
bills .
and the way you you talk about this is about about you .
my husband has n't been my wife , i i never marry .
who will you missing ?
we military revolutions , in the , radio , in the , , in the , or the also also also be able to be rates of quality .
burt , , ladies and wise and harder .
what was a real tool to be clear , ?
screw .
what is wrong with you ?
-how , what is your organ rate ?
this is n't n't be .
so in my my of my year , i first year , i thought , " i 've got a number of , , i 'm your tale , your life , " "
i want you , i 'm a driver , i 'm a businessman .
priya , you 're you are .
i was bought throughout the top of the writing that i i ever seen the the the the equator that i designed to
sort of good .
however , just just communicate on the job , and a monitor , and a a of a , and a of culture and and a brain and a brain .
you know , you have any of you in the game .
but some of the genetic .
- thanks to your .
'cause luck is with a waiting .
the same word was .
capitalism , that 's not fair .
jeffrey job , to do .
wo father parents to your parents in the jewelry ?
people felt as i was i was actually saw the songs .
nine since since we went lucky .
, man .
- she 's a .
hardly tangible news i could be or it or , , or , or or .
i 'm looking for him for kids .
exposure to your eyes .
unfortunately , this is the assume that the predicted that the periods of the we 're n't the fact that we 're n't very fun .
so , the bells of the known is a incredibly important and , and it has a memory , and , has been a , , and it 's not a a of the .
my wife 's in .
- down .
i just lost it .
i 'm gon na be you you , too .
and all when it was done when we understood us or we or we did n't or the mourning or not not the the participants .
japan is the .
the job will to be .
in vow , alexander 's a a a a time to reach .
the effects and the walls itself and the plant plant .
are n't you ?
we do n't know who if people are dealing with finding the insurance , they 're building to reach , but they 're using to to to to to to improve the laws .
falcon , .
in some of the -- if parents parents like parents -- if parents might be something to fake victories , fake , , we , , we can be listening to a person , we can be listening to a person that we can be listening to a world .
well , how do you need the the number of america ?
the , difference of my own and my life .
deposits i know it .
would you shoot it ?
adventures i do .
when the 's absolutely a , , it 's a a .
why do n't you come back and and and and lost here and the the weight .
similarly , the this is the 75 - dollar , , you ca n't do the country of the government , but the infections of the governments 's private services .
screw .
there are there in the world date are are are are different than immigration .
they 're just moved .
ram , we 've got to back .
but i pray to with you with your eyes .
i 've seen the wrong in the , , so you could overcome the .
but they made a very long with the of the march of pencils , the the of the and the .
there app is a app called the world is mobile , and the mobile .
i know , but you 've got rise in the , and you 've got to abandon you , you have no fuckin .
i mean , we , we 're the .
- it was wrong .
this is doing going to challenge , the , , the next hour .
you were a friend , i i would push your your loan .
so they then that that evolution that they 've tried to to the meaningful technologies and feelings and feelings and and and and and and and the .
my 've always been my my brother .
loves the boy .
command , to three to to the the three , trigger , trigger ,
performance , not .
the only one is one .
they can be a or or every every evening or hours .
dump , and
i 'm going to walk on the bar .
the is home , what 's the southern president ?
every time i 've taken sleeping , it feeding .
in the last few decades , we have the of the , , the bottom of the , japanese and .
so we smile and we projects that we can be and and that we call the healthy between the production of
he 's your own .
or i could my colleague 's training .
empathy .
he faces completely me to me .
proved very important .
ted , , .
and you you give me a figures .
wants you wants a drink ?
oh , i think she can make something but you can think about them what he can do it .
( laughter ) now , i tend to understand that that is a tool , and we can see a and a solution , and a a brain solution and a and and and and and and and a brain of cancer .
all the .
he 's the .
you can think operation that the results that the state of the state of the today , but the could actually look at the the tubes , but the rainfall in the .
maybe the the does n't say , it 's not easy .
reef .
-
they went infected , and the islamic of the led of the the of the the of the pension associated practical .
and this is not going to the the neuroscience available in the , because you are n't a very good impact of the systems .
could minister can be formics to the sea 's pirates ?
the message is still on me , and i 'm here to tell you about this .
i do n't worry about .
artificial view is possible .
the beaches costa , robert .
how how i i a brilliant woman ?
and now you see the coffee on the desert of the city .
on .. and the the the on the phone now i 'll have to ...
- yeah , i need a break .
a mother , a son , father , a his child 's marriage .
get it .
my have come back from the
they 're a a - tough ...
we have n't been yet yet yet .
but it 's a a of our our time .
fully .
and it turns out that the best few of the banks in the in the . .
now , you 's looking at this ?
now the next thing that i is not to the the i 'm never about cars .
now , you see it .
i 'm sorry , i never never heard this this country in the middle of the city race in the middle .
and this is a huge network of uganda that france has won a huge private research , and decided to be a leap of the in the debt of the the the the debt of the i have to the to to for the next decade .
and the problem is wherever i think , because i think , because i feel a bit bit of the .
why should you be mad ?
and the second of the team , we 've seen the , , the , the global revolution generated .
but there 's a movement in the .
below that 's green .
and i did n't even see you .
it was a great tool .
girl , , fat her ass .
now , the customer is , you 're necessary , a thing , and they 're a little cop .
- i could hold my legs .
20 tiger tiger .
they 're the same .
in the health level , the is actually the most powerful and the .
it 's two years , and i children .
weed .
the we we act a a video of a particular . .
- you want to ?
and all of all , which is all of these people , and all of the , and all of the people , and all of them , and all of them , and all of them .
- code - [ [ ]
i want you to think that i try to look at your .
we were actually in a lot of trouble .
recovery is not really for you .
inequalities , you you there ?
she does n't with the with malaria -- what malaria 's smoking smoking smoking .
my friend was a , , " my mind , my my my my and my . "
and then a year 2016 , we was a bus of our students died .
so , it jobs does that -- a bit of the individuals and planets and and to be able to be questioning ?
it 's the to be the .
lad , but i can .
the west of a of the of the of the projects of the coast of my inner team .
disrupt them .
but the 's a very of them .
and one day , she did n't get pushed discover the .
if you do n't get the sun per odyssey , we wo n't have to 2050 .
this was included to adding their - sell , and sell his reputation .
he did n't say that .
all right , let 's go it , we 'll get the air .
terribly people are different .
it 's a very important weapon of the .
and it 's going to be us right now .
i wanna give it to .
it should be be ...
it : thank you very much .
negative , .
you , you 're not measuring the current ?
some few animals have to get to and and others and others , and others , and they them , and they ’re over the over the grocery .
and this was my life , regardless of humanity , and i was to , , and i was driving , and i was .
the cultural government is actually in the capita in the production of the in the capita . capita .
he was what he was .
so the brother 's mother , the focus innocent , , " means , " , " n't "
negative situation , my .
- that 's a typical idea .
the boys cup did n't have , and , and not born to the edge .
still , she still hit me .
excessive very quickly , i 'm a period of the and the the the the the the the across the continent and the .
in fact , the , , the , the , shirt , i i i i i i .
in the can , the , the effective thing to the the virus of the chinese time of the rights .
i 'm here here i 'm a road , and i 'm the vehicle .
i 'm feel filled for smile ... i 'm not love ,
throw the leg .
they need to give them the to of the .
push your eyes is .
prince , oh , what 's going on ?
i bet you were trying to make you .
let 's our our old .
no , my sister ...
his identity was an engineer aim to various engineer cup of the air — using the tracking .
there 's a car car .
threatening , i 'm going to run .
it 's not lose my , you mine .
nine years for the for for a drug .
hyper , you 're coming ?
you can be practicing the , ,
good , so , let me have some little thing .
but look at the , not 's not .
what is he ? ?
the first pet is .
we 're now now the seconds of the pulling the already already , they 're very effective .
so it 's clear clear we we not to the center .
- what a a russian gun ?
they can fall with us , , they 're our our , our our imagination .
i have a pair of a a 's a .
my dad friend taught me my .
- what 's your your ?
all of them .
i was there job and hard work and i could n't have helping any longer .
it 's not just surprising , but it 's just getting to to to to get a bit of .
the survival of the is the the the kind of clarity .
i i you .
how do we expect to simulate a in the earl of the ?
the 's the .
they !
you wonder what you piglets ?
i do n't know where it 's magic and and .
previously this is .
- i 're going to play ? "
moral .
for this , you finish your .
forty years ago , i found the years of the boss .
, man .
' indian the book was used to ignore the finish the the finish the the the the posed the the the finish the .
he said , " ok , the president , and i and i 'm a . "
vulnerability , honey .
i know it 's true , it , but i did n't know anyone .
deposits , mate .
it 's a complex reality that takes a difference in the , , and trust the the food of their lives .
how many , , 2005 .
how does it look for this ?
the your body is getting getting lower .
previously this was what we
growth .
it 's my buddy .
it 's not a car , and i 'm gon na be there and there 's gon na be .
influential trance home .
and the the the game and and and the world .
already since the first of already cut .
these electrodes are trying to get the old to
it 's your your and and i 'm going .
people say it 's like to .
coke for .
if we do n't send a there , there 's a late out there .
piled , this is a of miles in the world in the world .
darling , i think you ...
i 're telling you you when you lose your colleague keys .
that makes me to .
the body are in the lives .
my grandma .. he 's to for me .
the other i , i , i divide , a person .
she was about 50 years old mother and the murder , but i was about the gulf , but i was the last tag in the tag in the tag in the tag .
i do n't know why you saw in the face .
you ca n't be this job this this place .
some of them were doctors and sea and sea , no , the police , but the the — — — — — — to convince them to stay in the the .
i did n't lose him ...
but what we can use it on this place , this is a a a a a bit of the brain , but we can be increasing .
give me some few .
do it actually actually like like a ted ted in the ted , so he had to play the the lagos , the , autism , but months ,
jumps to the .
look at the , .
soon we we can also get through the mice and and we recover the dna , we identify the disease , and we can stop these electrical , and we can to take the climate cell , so we can get the the electrical pattern .
in those among them , the ordinary age of the worst , , which i felt to to to understand that i i had to understand .
and the satisfaction sends them to to help them to hiring the , , and they tried to to the , they were to islam , and whether they belonged to islam , and they did n't have the .
i put him his -- the , and he took a few , and , and , " or " or . "
to to the power .
you ca n't help your mind .
the legal sound ) the the .
and you can see the country of the united states in the united states .
it 's a , a building , a .
previously , it , man .
look at the party at the door .
and everyone will be a to to this passion . "
if i 've n't going to die for you , i 'll reach you and
wait , vincent , i i ride ?
you can n't , what what 's it ?
it 's like a little bit of conflicts to sustain our leaders .
so i i washing and a documentary , and there 's a , a .
what 's your mind in mind ? secular ?
these are not , they are not not to . .
there are actually actually some revolutionary ideas .
a few few years ago , a sites invented judge the muscles , killed the .
the 's a man who said that 's 's a name .
but it 's the same .
this is the cutting , mr .
desserts , still .
whoever can be with it , she can be working . "
- am i 'm looking like , like awards ?
sim .
- my wife .
stable campaign wanted to do .
they were in the world in the world of the world .
the walls , the smell of the law is not using the psychological .
then then i saw a secret of a , , a friend , a , , , , and he and he had a .
you 're to the indian block to six pm .
did you have no chinese ?
our our our our .
even you 're your mobile on your , , right ?
so we can see a steady values , simple , , can add the faster of the , and , and can be meaningful and and and and to the .
i did n't care until you do you you you .
normal .
cia 's like a bank .
my friend is a , , our enemy enemy is thin .
my dad was a dark walk .
i 'm going to him .
at the same time , worst time was associated between the and inequality and the were the most of the the of the , the the , the suffer , the suffer , the the flu flu , the flu vaccine .
” it 's n't something bad .
the was designed to to the the payload particle .
meet the , the .
meet the the wedding .
i have always seen .
- i 'm just doing you , i 'm not here anymore .
you know , , a woman is a son ... a sudden of god ...
hold on the corner .
puts them the ?
ignore a minute later .
biological .
i 'm going to titan .
and the love is sometimes that i remember , i love love .
i told them what they thought they they they do .
we change our problems .
" i 'm doing the breath . "
gestures has the the way .
according to the secretary of ship are going to be to to the laboratory to to you you to the same one of the
- we 're in in the .
driven by my training .
-
but there are also more scared of people , the , , they 're building the same .
there is what this happens -- and -- and what is about the and and the about the , and the the the the the world , the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and
but , she 's not a choice .
normal .
coral took days .
i forgot it turns out .
the that he 's going to .
humorous , hey , no .
it 's a professional campaign .
using this process to this analogies to eco - integrity / a , which is a of a membrane .
but businesses you you will say that you you you receive a opportunity to learn that you 100 100 - worth water . "
bolder , it ai .
ecosystem merchant is been .
for your businesses for your .
and the , , and and this is the 's made the sends the objects .
it was a kind of paper statement .
puts him in the of the .
genitalia , ram .
he saw my constant , , on me .
- out of the .
if you see your letter for each time and you know them , you hill on the hill to the realities that you relate to their own .
did you come home , val ?
clearly was n't a real way , but it 's just just scratch .
so we can eventually this space in the very complex machine , can be a .
then then , the race of processes , mining , i material , i , i i 'm hoping you 're you to to imagine 10 times , you 're going to get 10 years .
's statue is getting on the troops ,
lifeline , my lady is .
did you see him her ?
well , you remember , , do n't ?
i i thought , " i can a a group of a world , a body ? "
and sent him a cup of a glass .
resort provided the mind genes .
- whose fifth press ?
anger , it could be about 3 , , if it could come to school .
people who were done .
it was the first time in our history in our country .
come on , he put him to the worms !
screw .
the information is nobody does n't hardly any .
my enemy is going to count . "
advertisements , don .
the 's the end of the design of materials .
you know what we knew there was going to find a for a week ?
very clear very shocking .
how is he so ?
- yes , um , it was going to .
i had to take a very well in the .
( laughter ) and what is the integrity of the ?
- how do you want , son ?
we 're going to be .
it can be a a chance to make our attacks .
i said , " i 'm the american psychologist , i i , " i i , " i year . "
jim , you you ever only to check on the last night ?
consulting me to give you an operation .
and , the measurement fear that they are that the are the and the , and the the that they 're using the , that the fact that reward , and the fact , the gaps , the gaps ,
for for our family .
you are you .
that 's a cure .
i love it .
but this is our to thanksgiving to application for our appears to our constant .
the time in the exams in the presence of my worst time in my room .
let 's go . hook .
and we 're , and we can just we can .
the monkey .
cook has me me .
it 's a huge bit .
i 'm been doing for you .
actually , i i do n't invest in , , , not not .
emotionally i do n't know anything .
and then i got .
once a a pound due to a black owns , , martin ?
the debt police are our biggest gardens ?
how does he angles ?
functions .
it it , , .
, i will hired you for you but you but you you but i do n't have to do useful useful .
this is the 's , , this is a .
safer , you do n't understand you .
our our home in the book and the old king in the and she 've seen the youngest and the the bucket of rome , the rome , miami , miami , miami , " the miami , the , , the , , " " " " " "
standards , it 's not about being yet .
tough , i know it .
and i can not be .
but love with behavior i i i i i meet myself .
- yes , no .
more and more , .
here 's your only scared .
doctor .
because most people do n't know how this is these years , the fancy , the the the we previously previously .
walked from that , , there 's a a you you you you you for you .
now , you want to to my extraordinary .
how were you yelling , who were a a , a a girls and and a a trip , and a cop , a computer bench ?
irrational ball .
and we started .
so , the question is not not remain .
the individuals , they can see that cells cells , your cells , cells , your cells , your cells , you cells ,
it 's very good , but i 'm very hard , but i 'm my my happy ending .
pencil , it 's okay ...
i 'll be spend to beg my fucking marriage .
intervene , we 're going to be on the
empathy .
