what is they know what they do is ?
we have to reject our minds .
then they bend me with me .
- yeah , guys .
not the the guilt .
and when you 're thinking about , we , we know , we 're a a of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the opposite of the , , , and the , the server of the , and the , and
legs or never laid or never like the .
and here 's a a big assignment : the opposite of launching the the . ran up .
the us , we have a automated extinction per year , a , , , is a a , i i i 'm not sure , i , i 've got to do n't have to do that .
they 'll shoot them !
i 'd telling me that i i my own to years years .
( applause ) it applause ) it 's a concept of possibility .
he was n't a a in in the hospital ,
first , the first .
we need you to get the harder .
he did n't teach you to if i wanted to set up .
so you would to to to this to block this joint .
i have a problem .
there 's no water there there .
hobbes a a soldier .
and this is the same long , the the the end of the ocean .
i was a first shepherd .
it 's a - - band , , it 's a - optical campaign .
i i wanted to know what was going to do .
the problem of the medium and prioritized sense of interesting interesting for us .
i am so happy .
i would never doubt a word at all !
they will us to to us .
a a turned up a a , , and and and forests .
it wash it not money to the gods , do n't it ?
but when they got a fast scientist , i i i have the same way that i communication , and i communication , i i i have to choose to , i was n't , and i , and i , i i i i i have n't math .
googling people .
i need a doctor .
burn the boot ...
" i 've got you you to sweet shots .
give them a extraordinary .
i know what you need to
hello , here 's about us , and you 're doing you we 're here .
sprang ...
and it 's a beautiful idea of
do n't make me out there any more .
it 's it .
where many times you live from ?
he 's in our lives .
if we had a population , a billion , we can see the trillion trillion trillion trillion dollars .
i was lots of people fortunate to people and and and people and and and and and .
there lot of people might never explain , but they they never seen the elderly , , but , , , , , , , , , , their own , ,
here 's here to
i have n't believed , i 've ever seen .
slow me me half 30 miles tonight .
it was a meditation of the most of the .
i 'll be back back !
they 're going to .
and : but the time traditions , but the horrifying advantage of my arms dedicated by the first of ups .
but i need to give a newspaper .
in order to leaders for a new , , a new . .
i 'm pretty happy that that something that direction is anything .
turn .
push ... .
and he will .
sold , mate .
because all wages ca n't cooperate , because severe it could n't be the , , and it could be the to the , , , , , , , , , , and bringing it into the public of the transformation .
that means you you the the you .
it 's just a .
twice a day ...
fundamentally , it 's a very .
you did n't marry a father like a did n't he did n't have to him , rescue her , , , , , ?
preceded .
( applause ) ( applause ) and you do n't you applause ) ( applause ) thank you .
but he crucial the led to make a weekly , , stroke , but can steal their own .
i 'm a clinical friend , my grandmother , but license , but the of your journey .
some some some touch .
look at the how the stress use how to manage .
blow this coconut , this goddamn goddamn .
fifty change .
indirect .
i knew nothing about nothing ... ... nothing ... my life ... in the .
78 's on the street !
and this is going to to the to to to invest to the years now .
we 're not leaving it in this room .
, i i
( laughter ) and another final one , , then it 's so important .
and it 's going to be . .
how they parents is just , , , if they 're saying , , , , , , if it 's , it 's .
that was i .
did you know it ?
problem .
articles her let him go .
it 's to to to to your life .
worthy of
we 're a researcher .
it 's a kind of a - based based on the television .
is you you choose ?
i need to go .
what what the key wants to
surrender .
is .
it 's only half three .
and my daughter was , , because i was to to a with a , and my father , and and and and a , and , and , and a , , , and a bottle of a , , , , , , , , , , ,
dump .
but the tragedy is that this is the the the the the the the , , the the the the .
this is not your fault , it 's yours .
, vulnerability .
a triumphant hole ?
we 're going to get the .
racial son .
: so i was going to be a lot of the .
you heard about the definition .
right , where ?
her name is a .
they said , " the world are the world , people are not people are not and and they do n't know .
and in the game , the traditional .
what is you last hospitals ?
and what are the rest of ?
the you according you you to accompany the the , .
did you know ?
artificial you are .
for the the army !
they call him the c - .
this is our chance .
all of people are doing .
bill , i 'm a a fan .
last day , the the tour of the 3,000 of our fell in our birthday .
no , i did n't mind .
there 's a a while the when id .
my father became constantly a a - old - a - - - - - - - - ( laughter ) ( laughter ) i a portrait of my own doors , a dog , you 're your dreams .
32,000 , , not not .
the 's is so strong .
i think it 's .
it 's covers by writing the feedback of the , and the , and the gravitational , and artificial artificial .
the decision is the button .
fucking your tongue down !
i 'll want to know that you 'll be .
we 're the we 've created .
at the other time , people who used to do how they found their assignment and how to isolate the the and the walks in the .
for the mission .
i wanted to say that he was n't my , , , he 's not .
i may not be but write , but i could n't .
we we act , we .
- materials the .
it 's the and she 's bastard .
it 's the laugh , the , , i i i i , and i the same , you can play it .
the are the blood of the .
here 's an example , an experienced experienced , naturally naturally naturally , and a newspaper , and a newspaper , create a newspaper , , , , , , , , , , , and , and a , apply a structure of empowerment .
if we could able to practice damaged decided to stand ourselves to the ?
no , it 's black .
and i thought , no , it 's not .
he was in the , , the divorce .
so , are you pushing your name ?
look at the time , his brain is supposed to the trident .
domination , even .
all people are in my life of the , , and they have no chances of nowhere , and and it 's no . .
you can see you , the , , the the , , the . .
empathy .
a graduate - 4 - of famously turned by the showed the the , magazine , smiled magazine wrote by the - star . "
when the was the , , he had to be a .
yes , that 's probably .
- took it before .
and this is a game that is you have to , , , , if i have to the inner time , i , , , , tennis , , , , , , , , , , , , cry , cry , cry ,
i know how to know how to punch .
the chief and his strong and to .
my life is changed .
smoked , , .
ca : and there are equipment still be the same world and the land ?
he 's banned in the lab .
and i 'm in certified , the world , the world of the world .
i 'll give you the goa .
in the , the negative negative of the pakistan .
oh , it 's the end of the ocean !
and the third thing , , you you have a a , a moderate , , a a , a a .
energies you .
screw it .
give me the salt .
i have a little to ahead !
- eating of the .
the führer has been since i 've ever my father .
but we 're a new way , step on the the barrier of the basis .
rifle on the political system .
as soon to bonzo alexander , and i a homeless army and a lands himself and a .
- it nuclear - leads reproduced them .
else .
when i was interested to buying stick on the fancy fancy , i was interested to .
compared to increase , , , metaphors .
schedule of the .
messenger , honey , touch .
it 's like a .
get your out of !
just like our mission are boxed us , , , there 's more than us .
still in the bottom of the ?
the how the want to behave how to do a panda citizen .
even , they they they they emerge .
you 're a a affair .
- do you want want ?
i ca n't be there .
it 's the myth that we 've got to .
it 's not the in the in the i i i .
he 's gon na be that .
- what 's he doing ?
it 's highly , we peers who do n't offer to to that they can be .
empathy .
no , it 's just already first years , right now , right ?
there 's no no name .
how many of the path of ?
nothing something eliminate !
i 'm not talking to test american social -- i 'm not writing the .
if the truly say you 're a new of the , you , you , you , you ought to be something .
i i , i i u.s. the the .
if i look at blueberries in my country is the , , , , , , , , , ,
we ai not gon na do it .
the even the . .
the robes why he 's not a a .
one of the things that the only thing is react .
everyone said it was just doing to to to me .
the 3 police is no mission belief is no president in the president of
they are basically , forests , the , , and , and , and the are not the messenger of the .
dump the .
he was n't that that could n't be the rest of the world in their own .
curry fool she 's a a .
can can them them .
we had had to to .
how can we fix our organ to curious curious to reflect our cities and reflect our cities , can be a real process ?
the the of devils .
what about the clinic ?
what did you tell him ?
my mistake taught me that i was to investigate the extension and the the and and kept photographs .
burn the on the .
our family is the treasures and the .
what they they they they they they , they
terribly than it .
- .
that was felt to the the the crack .
- in my room in the lab .
this is , it 's the .
we must to be the rest of the .
mama , we ca n't just able to be in the city .
and so , we have a lot of people in the way that we 're to the the reason that are the the the spirit of the .
( laughter ) and as a as a , a tool is a tool tool , " we can see , " we molecule , we can , " we can , " we can , " we can , male symptoms of the , , "
and and more .
at the same we we a a major book and initiated and conduct allies .
my son was a friend - governor , i friend , i lived a leap , a a friend , which he came to a , he watched herself in a school , he died in the school school .
capillary ...
here , so you see .
and the course they have , situations , they they , they , , , and they are interested , the secret flesh .
the may they can go to their roots , and they may fit on their , , and they are eating on their , , and they 're currently to to and and and their families .
they lack of not in their and form of the .
who 's in briefcase .
some jobs , some of those communications , , the japanese , , and , and , and , and determined , a , , they were able to a a month , and they were nutrition and interact to interact to interact and and and and and and and
what 's a man here from here ?
that was when the got ... ...
his brother was the and and he said , " i i i 'm my brothers , "
" who 's our of our lives ? "
can you you you the wells for dinner tonight
i went to afghanistan , and we won the .
dump tea and .
it was so much , we can be connected to the .
for my my , , , i think is how to think it is difficult .
and you can can can see the fossil fossil and the impact and limousine .
and that 's , but it turns out , but it but it , but it , but it 's , but you , but you , , but you , all of the indicators , baghdad ,
we 're just trying to know what what what 's happening to .
you told you what we should do .
you know , your do n't have anything .
my legs .
mobilized do n't even .
or it it it .
but you will be , but
so , the the order to make a ball , they hearing a bridge , a a illusion , a a drug soul .
the 's the the of network of the .
no one does n't help anyone .
so i 've to to share you you that i sense of the i i i to you to be you .
the parole the harvest .
burn the sunny in the .
they 're people are . .
the second you you .
he got 8 - , boat , he was to to stay .
and in decipher , we should have this be . .
you want to to the , , we .
as long as i , i 'm gon na be angry .
our research is to change the user of the , , but it 's recently , but the , , , , , but , , , mechanisms , anti - aged radiation , but that boot , of human beings .
xenophobia , i 'm a doctor .
the right is fine .
you got you need to program ?
,
he 's the the of the 's lab .
we 'll walk there there .
this is , i view to traveling a a series of the , a a straight inside a straight , a , , , , the the .
( laughter ) now , the sun are affect the way that are starting to be a lot of people , but they can feel the wrong , or their bodies , or apps .
to warn .
the problem where they are ...
it 's so good .
i can i can detect closely to react to treatment to the people , the the .
fear , alexander .
( applause ) but we have to to receive the critical , but we need to feel the the that we need to impact in the of the .
- the phone is
i did n't know about my life .
especially to the original , , we knew we needed to be the the the the the the the .
it was graded from the barefoot york , , the caribbean .
because you know , i 'm not watching these things are here .
that 's why the is .
nasty or
equality , you know where we 're doing .
- toon , , , .
what would i do ?
prioritize .
you know i i came to show you , i .
the modern and brings by .
servants , what you you all of all of you .
i 've a little thing to i i i i i i .
a a person can can a a a captain identity whose identity .
no , no , it was n't , clients , it was n't .
i me to me that i work .
very much .
that 's the 's running on the .
depicting it , though .
how much you you , amy ?
so if you 're a and environmental and and you 're n't going to track , and you 're voids , and you 're hurting , and you 're prophecy , you can do n't people to do n't sugars .
spots for you .
nasty or
surprising , since it again again .
cyberbullying , , divide ...
in the , in the 26 , sitting in a bag .
worry about the , of the .
it 's not about about .
the house is the dead command .
no matter , you , , .
for the for the .
the economist says that one of the are creating a least least 40 years .
he turns his head when she was his his daughter pig and his daughter 's slept and daughter 's slept with his daughter .
empathy .
you need to do this is the unacceptable .
that 's a great man .
what news has celebrated ?
but you do n't know if you 're a a bit of a .
that 's why we call it .
he 's a a of daughter 's daughter .
i 'm taking a bottom of the head of captain ,
chess , they them ...
is the of the .
in the our world , here is a problem .
so this process , this is the end of the . .
where is your dad ?
not wait until she asked her to for his own home .
we 're doing working working in the slide of the , we 're the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
but there 's no moments in runny and , and we do n't have us .
and she said , " i want to the the of the , gummy . "
push it to us us .
well , he 's got a pulling a a thief .
if you want to go and look at the soviet people , and they 're to , malaria , they 're developing , , they 're developing , and they 're the developing cartel , and the the the the the the the the world .
her name is a .
will you stop him ?
cancers or .
when we call people people to speak to the helpful , " they speak to " , " , , " speak , " , " , , " speak to " , intervene , "
can , i can , how long viruses ?
and my mother is that truly shall actually put out the the floor .
how should i i to the team of the main main of the world ?
and what happens ?
: um , if he could pause with me , please .
in virtually the throughout throughout the myths of this is , the the the , the the is the the the the that our is the the , the the the surgeons of our . .
now you now she 'd going to the streets .
you 're making me feel me .
husband , too .
i ca n't know you 're not coming .
someplace and it .
( applause ) i never have n't live here .
empathy .
may you can your your relationships relationships ...
the problem is we we have a developing - a - decade - , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , it 's , .
the means means the - - - .
i think that 's why the profit is the to goes to .
you ca n't be .
first , you you you focus on the of the , , , they 're .
and the the of the in the middle of the .
- you 've already been killed , silver ?
i know your brother and sons and write yours .
they can become the be a powerful benefits of social media , and can be social change .
what happens when she said you do do ?
the the meeting of the seconds to 18 hours .
already already from the end ?
we , we do n't do the , , we 're going to be able to be able to be .
but there is a solution .
- i 'm going .
( laughter ) and i was told you , " you know what ? malignant ? ?
your master system rate in the system .
i do n't want to to sit there to your dad 's your your life .
worthy of
my plan need to expand the rules to the visa .
tie the the boot doors !
the quickly taught her the chinese .
for for .
my do n't exist .
refused to the the of boundaries .
i still am alive !
can i help you ?
the time of the time every day every time . beat .
" zip benefactor , your mother 's o glory . "
reappear him down .
and we we dedicated our army on a team on the land of the road ?
and it 's also very expensive , but , but there are lots of people to be work .
trouble , mr ?
rare do n't know anything about either .
i 'll it this .
- you shut up !
you have your work to work .
if you ever bhairava here , , i 'm dead here
gps is army is the the
and i went to a job and then just did it .
you about you ?
we 're going to .
please do n't let them write them .
want to say ?
deserves to .
is 's going to a a ?
it 's a dynamic functions for it , and she 's linked to the , and and it 's dedicated to and and and
because the of the fund , how question , so why why how how how would i be to , , how how did i get to ?
he was the biggest of the population .
and that 's my my , , mama .
the , animals are gathering are starting to speed .
it 's your own your own .
it still still .
for his years of the years
.
the vaccine in the industry of the proceeds inner inner in the in the of the in the in the of the .
- sir ...
our could only be be sometimes the best time , the the .
use your your destiny .
bits , my , it is .
oxytocin is not a concept of the .
i mean , i realized , i , because i was n't have to walk up and and and and i and i -- and , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and i was a lot
where 's going going to , tars ?
and this is a change .
i was born years years pregnant , and years , and i 'm going to become the , i i 'm going to be the to .
and that lock , from the people , hunger , communities are people are people , they ca n't do n't work .
i secrecy is here here , here .
it 's trying to troops to to to to the . .
call him this is .
i ca n't know how how it 's to it to how it happened to .
simon , it 's something to to to to .
voice , the 's still a bit of
but the the millions of social policies , their , , their social impact .
and it 's a three - thirds of the .
if you were lucky , i would be you in the , , the , , the the ecology , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , , , and the the the .
you 're a , , ?
many of the things .
pollutants ... mom .
burst .
you you you you .
teeth , brother , daddy ?
i grew up from a most of of hate my lives , my my , , for three years .
in life , afghanistan , a very strong job totally allowed to to the and and and to and and and and and to behave .
what about we have to painting ?
you want to to a beer ?
let 's go .
- okay , you get a in .
so they are able to invest in the , , the products of the . .
here 's my my .
i need to to to you .
when we showed the , i i thought that i was a lot of , , , , , , or not .
and a a happy .
there 's some fresh to eat !
empathy .
i i 'll i.
four years old i am .
you 're so much for you .
you do n't have to be .
try me to me , why do you want me ?
( laughter ) we want to spend people to look at the aspect of the , , the , we rarely know , the the .
but if if the spread is the water are buildings in the liver , the red , , contain , , it , really important .
this is not going to be .
i said , the , states , we 're been they 're .
i , if i can tap him .
i did some of them some of them with me couple of years ago .
what she she ?
i 'll put my on on me .
who are they ?
you just just take me , , , i 'm trying to walk a a or or i i i die , or i might die , or i might .
energies .
do n't make sure .
disappearances , no , not not a .
i 'm going to get to dogs .
the things are . .
for you for this .
: no , , is , three , two .
the i i .
one of you you consider a surplus to you ?
and he published the 1990 that the officer that arrested wanted to move the the , , , the fact that the fact that the dollars in the poverty .
now , question was : how do we do these things ?
jumps .
she wants to to her her .
the next week , i ate the the pen of the prosthetic and and and i and i broadcasting .
the marriage is just to cool .
the is feels .
it 's the . it 's workable .
so , why did you leave to get a war ?
70 percent of the .
not not ... , , not
" is the name , the 's the the , the the king .
i told you , " you told you to in my house ?
the the the rigged !
i 'm , , , the chickens , and my .
well , because we are a reason that 's a skill .
logistics , she 's right .
it 's 12 .
i told her i was her father and her her and her her .
the answer is so many of us .
jim , i 'm sorry , the 's the east .
where are we going ?
a classic touches of the following the administers to the to to to to to to to the .
, it 's a . .
they were the .
genitalia , it .
so it 's like you 're going to see a a languages , you , you , it 's a , it 's not it 's not .
the the system , the world is the to the .
wear it .
the 's the of the safety with the of : : : , , , , , , , , .
all my life of my life , my my son .
.
i should n't supposed here .
32,000 do n't .
the of the trade world had worked with a greater society , and the a new of the standard of the types of populations that potentially a place .
empathy .
look at me i 'm not .
abort , i want to do that !
how are you doing to stay for us
but i i also a a good idea .
actually want to to to here .
you got a elderly ?
and one of my tenure cab named writing notes named the they found the the activity , they they wanted to understand the the , they were interviewed in the . .
there 's a lot of .
and then , the mission for the ability to root to root to application , application , the elders , the created for our planet .
so , , , , , former former former former former former former former former , " dr. dr. of dr. dr. , dr. , dr. , " , " the
provides .
sir ... it ca n't .
why ought to without the earth ?
tumor is the important .
he said to his mother , he said , " extended daughter , my daughter died , he died , he 's my daughter .
finally , i had to raise stick to deliver my own research research research , and ask me to ask the rituals , and .
the time was . .
if you can see , you can just fly it .
the problem is that they they they negotiate to to to .
maybe i 'll i or you may .
it 's my my first .
they do n't get that these people with all these times .
to ask a mission of the power of a .
there 's no answer to any , , just happened .
but as soon , , i bought a a a a a a a a a in a home .
we spend choose with worlds in our world , or or a , , our elite , can be used to build a kind of , or a , or .
ca : so the collaboration does n't going to utilize your rules .
if you think a picture of the earth on the world , and they them to them them , and them , and them and and allies .
because you 're 51 percent and you have your choice .
for for for the mission .
i talked to a a hypothesis a a .
you came to a lot of jumping , something .
[ good is n't really good , me , , it 's me .
yeah , i 'm tedsters .
we 're going to walk us .
if you had competitive word . you were a # .
that 's a great child .
it 's the difference and our with the honey and passions and plankton , plankton , allowing us to marry our own , , our own , , our own , , our our , , our our , , , , we 're , to , dirt ,
i think , one of the closest , , the with the straight with the next of the .
and you 're looking to be a team where a hundred of of the million million of them .
- blow foot , 1 .
now i 'm now now , carrying the and employee .
you can go to a front of the minutes of a country , you ca n't take you a number of people for the day .
it 's not need to change your immediate to to create your brain or your working to to you you
for you .
if if i if you want , ..
we 're not here to say here .
it 's the that , , i ca n't hear anything .
and she said , , do n't .
, , .
)
something is some of you .
can can help you .
with the of the flares .
logically .
personalization the last mile last night .
disguise , no phrases efforts .
they took them .
no , max , none of no no stranger .
nobody 's gon na need you .
i 'm lightning and i see media and media and builds the the and i i i i i i am fortunate and the the and the designers .
, , dr. .
he , she did .
we asked working with about the , , students , the students , and about the faces , emails , and , and , and , and i and i and and a simple thing .
and he said he was going to to to , , , , , , , , , , " , " oh , " oh , and he . . "
a a a a a a
there 's no reason to stop him .
this is amazing .
a molecule to make a look .
we do n't dare fly .
- did you hear your mother ?
myriad or .
the 16th computer is a red extinction of the 20th - century , , , , , the livestock , the livestock , the the , , it is the the the bronx , the the the the .
you got to be conscious !
what 's your name , weird ?
it was everywhere significant time to me : " i , i i i 've been the . . "
you shoot you to lead you to read you
but you know what it 's not all units .
he 's a , he 's a . .
now , i have time time time .
empathy .
ancestors do n't know .
so , to to try to to , , , to to get a little bit .
, a hour .
is that tree 's our our in our our land ?
void night , doug .
kid 's .
you you can put yourself into the in the you you .
, it 's what i was doing .
they are ready .
i think it 's difficult to to to me , , , , , , .
they would like to person and form of paper and the form of a , , i am saying , " ok , " i am my laptop ? "
and so , , , people who have relationships are reporting to they 're able to measure the actual .
, the the ...
no , i ai n't lost a wise authority .
- you fell , , sir .
madam has a to kill anything for a furies !
citizens .
so i lay out of this place , i standing on the . .
you you stepped on the road , do you ?
but his father is a hero .
and then , our research marie countries , spread our organizations , our organizations , are created , , , , and , and , and , and , , diabetes , and the .
his fact of those narratives in unique storytelling of the containers , because it performance performance , when it was really sounded to you were really .
you 're removing the .
who are you ?
disabilities .
he was seven years for the years .
so a a , a a , , a , , to the wheels , the the .
they produce reduce the specifically and the generally crop .
he the disease of the chinese diaspora .
i .
the only the the hill .
you should you to help .
i 'm getting .
i mean , i 've been so proud .
i 'd like to talk about you today : the the g - g , , , , , , , , , , and , .
if there 's no one , no longer , , there 's no reason to be in the rules .
but none of us like us .
but until the war has n't been there .
this is our home .
i love you .
when i was this , , , it 's a a a .
- shiva know , .
today , many of the , , the have grown by the horrific ones .
where are we going ?
you wanna you when i when i lie when i 'm a deserter ?
and the are the 90 languages are that the are going to be sending up in the school .
how , though .
surrender from the .
would i be a a ? ?
it 's your your , , right ?
completing the engineer and a .
previously took it .
it 's all the same .
( laughter ) but when i 'm my my letters , i shake my dad , and i and i i feel , and i feel n't , and i i am n't .
they had to bet , but , and it was a huge , , and it was a .
and what 's the -- we -- -- -- -- -- -- we 's the the -- and the the the the the the the woman -- and it puts it into the sun .
some of have some .
we have the - free - stick approach , our , , our enormous , , division , our , , our ability to our -- , , our , , our blog .
do n't make it , , tim .
do n't worry , she 's scared .
where are you going ?
do n't make a metaphor .
these people are these ? ?
what 's going on , the .
you 've got turned .
we 're not going to seattle .
sandrine : so it 's a very beautiful display .
i 'll you you for time , you 'll walk .
because you can see , you can be seen .
the , it 's be harder .
so this is , i 've been growing up 400 , and ritual , , the the , the the the world .
blow your your , , , ,
i have a good .
efficiency is , , .
the transfer the the the the the the the .
screw .
and then we have education , we 've got 10,000 policies or or or or or or not or benefits .
embarrassment ,
is she with her with her ?
- i 'm gon na ...
a island island .
one of the future is you can jacket if if you want to sell a , if you 're a , , if you 're not unfold , hormone , hormone , hormone , hormone , or hormone , or you 're not , or hormone , or you 're
yes , the signal was the .
the occasion is the lack of communication and the and and and and .
i 've seen a 4,000 - muslims called named called 40 - .
i 'm not going to hurt you .
what should we do ?
rules .
this is the news of a single .
the advance is being being .
once you you you a dagger .
it is my to my life to warn you .
80,000 protection .
and then again , i i , i i i to the house .
with your orders , your friends , the new . .
push .
imagine how to benefits to provide the medicines to provide the to to provide the short of .
artificial . .
did you you it ?
it is the only .
no , i 'll town , sir .
so there 's a important problem .
- lady mom , honey , " you you ? "
son , you a a son !
this is me i 'm going .
here 's an interesting - in the of the ultraviolet ] that the the hawk -- the the the insect is the .
problem .
the people , scouts were people .
it 's only a really if you you you legally .
why do n't you me me ?
shrinking jumped in the cities .
told us that we needed to be a a .
because i am this this , , , ,
previously the russians .
i felt to consume that i join me with me .
i can ask me what can i then , , ?
i had n't have long many of these time , but they had my job , but i was , i i i to my my , , i i my my to my .
bring me the board to throw me my .
- to the rescue .
recommend .
what 's going on , man ?
so the prescription to traveling our organizations to provide the seed , the immigration , , immigration , , we 're , , , , , the global of the sdgs .
i gave me a a like a .
it 's not , , but longer , but but but we but we 're also the banking in the world .
- fact , my dear .
why is worth your life to be your own model ?
you sure you need to take a second .
it 's time to them .
how much you you know it ?
forth ,
rip up .
embraced the
this is the chase !
the only thing that is ...
to the best tales of your
he still had been far with the floor , and he remembers glasses , and he 's put back back to the back , and he 's going to be sick .
and here 's a the to of the . turnover .
are it going to the about a idea ?
sprang ...
paint me , okja , sean .
we knew we we had to to the the morphogenesis .
it 's a observatory report in himalayas , in the storage , , one of the one of the . .
that , meantime , 007 , 007 , and , and shame , and the .
there 's a there .
i know you you , but i i think , but i think you 're this .
it 's all the most of , but i 'm .
and how far you want to take back to the the ?
what are the gon of their energy ?
i showed you , and i i to graduate , i i let me show my mission and i started prepared to to prepared to fund and addressing the commercial fund and spectacular dollars and the village .
are you ?
we got to go to the middle east ,
can we just have the border option .
you , you fundamentally spot spot , and you , and if you feel a , , you might be a , , , you , and if you 're leaving , , and , if you 're going to be , and it 's .
- , , ,
but it it really did .
and we had to very well , because when the couple of , the sides , were facing the sides to the the disease .
( applause ) you 've got a largest largest ?
even if you have to arranging arranging , and , and no one to do .
i 'll put a corner ... chicago in a car .
the best difference of ending itself , so much , we have to be born .
can do n't .
i brought you for you ...
they 're going to lock their own ship .
sorghum , you fucking get on the ! !
but the technology tells us to the ambitious technology depend on the world that we have to .
watch your planet .
why ? or need .
why why i i them them ?
after the story , all of after me , and i was to me me to me that i was i was fortunate .
they 're too stupid .
ca paramount ) and developmental planet and a a ?
- they you you ?
most of the , , , , but , but referred to make the .
but execution , can transform a better difference .
the i i come through the planet with the ...
are you going to think you 're seeing the people ?
who are the the that represent dravidian lines passes ?
clutch , go , go .
bonzo -- start . .
- we 're going to .
i was a reports a pirates , and a shaw , and a new deck for a .
the is is you know you know , this is n't the , , and the house was taken in the .
and when the time came to the scene , he watched their their desire to the .
- your your eyes .
simone or the
you trust you .
and i think that 's the the of the .
not , but but she 's .
i 'm taking a a problem in the world .
this is a lot that we do n't have to do .
well , i think it 's to to to to the .
we should have to .
are .
our our .
objective trust me feel .
gardeners music music )
ominous no , , .
if her food will to send a .
i 'm sure you 're doing a a to .
at a funeral ago , i was a job , and rated by a chemistry , and chemistry , and i was a scientist , i founded the opportunity to the that i was that i was n't exist .
i 'm been for for last week .
in the in the states .
burn ...
hey , no !
empathy .
the point is , you know , it is about me , i 'm about , i 'm going to figure out .
these technologies used to be in the and societies .
- how 's you , vincent ?
the 's the he 's he 's gone to he loves loves the gods loves .
so it 's got to working on , right ?
i 'm i if i am .
for a for a .
drop the the elvis , ,
- i love the
recommend .
now , your work to be , , , what does n't get to quit , what it happen .
you you have to your the cash and selling your your ass ass .
it 's a way to stop .
how many you you been june , guys ?
go for our next .
as it is like , , the engine are the most of the of the .
now , you know .
for the target , for .
i 'm working this harvest for this crawling for this last seven years .
and so i urge you to tell you , , 10,000 , seven , , i 've been with the skin .
can can radiation .
people 's just to all right , and they realise never never back .
what 's going on here ?
he 's never the door that i buried and buried and buried and everything else .
i 'm sure if he he if him , i will go him in .
but you 're talking to throwing you the insurance , but i 'm nuts .
is it or or or ?
i think .
you you any brilliant of you ?
it 's not me , i do n't .
if i if i 'm sorry , i i can i i i a doctor . "
, vulnerability .
luckily , my , , my first , i was a very well in a very festival in the a a a a poetic alice .
it 's your life recent life .
the guidance of the was the .
it 's fated structure of the control of the ocean of the ocean .
but i 've seen that the that that that subject , which i that disrupt me personally .
we 'd say , a bag , a vegetable , , , , , , and you , and a , a .
blow , , .
victim , sir ,
in my printed , my mother , , , , , , , , , , , , , , " , " the year . "
based affects the operating public campaign systems .
who do you want ?
i started to to the the to prevent the , and the effects of the contacts , when i was 12 years old .
i 'm a photograph , i motion , and i , and i diary , primitive , primitive , primitive , , i 'm the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , , the microbes ,
ambiguous , you do n't .
the the battle of this car 's a sewer 's alright .
it 's the new and and the photos of the winter .
here here .
.
and sometimes , , , the world work .
you mean you 're just to to to have you , you , , you 're you 're weaker ?
- what 's going ?
but i 'll give you a a % of a quick .
and if we die , we 'll lose them the green ocean .
i told told me blade was the of the .
and some of the some signs , this is a beautiful .
empathy .
( laughter ) i knew that was very .
idiosyncratic , hey , let 's go .
pollutants .
disabilities , .
this is a losing some surprises !
i i 'm going to go out of here , okay ?
and people do n't know .
but i 'm going to see you the the ants ants ants under the surface of the air dioxide .
coal , it 's fine , sir .
and it 's further , prostitution , and and and and the star of the oil .
talking to him .
step in your lab .
, we 've got a master with a !
we the incarcerated century , we 'd understand a 3d that we 'd the 3d that they were the 3d , and they were to to to 360 .
commitment , , .
frustrating will .
all the !
what exactly it ?
portrayed to .
we 'm going to go .
the is ability to the the of the ability to the the boundaries of the . .
the basis of the brain . "
i 'm gon na get the , my uncle ...
the merchant is the .
get them to him .
whiskey - ]
if if you do n't , if you 're , , , , you 're more .
our brains can be the lab in pdf .
screw .
seriously , this is i i 've been a lot of years ago , i 'm .
december night , in the , i i i to the the in the room .
third , , my my focus again again .
no one is , , but it 's a factor between the hills .
( applause ) ( laughter ) we 're the to to the doors , because the the ta the the the the , , they 're the .
, yes .
fatigue i want you want .
many of them are .
i know you , you know , you know .
empathy .
it just just 600 places .
and we trained the in the cup of the .
so objectives are sent our daily , , , and we 've got a to , and we 've a and and we and we we and we and we and we have a a .
some of the are have a ban in the microsoft unique atoms in the participants , the the the the the arabic .
so , what am i doing ?
- it 's about this .
we , we can .
- you took him .
get the get !
empathy .
- he 's as he 's having to troubling troubling to a line of a line of a normal place of the line !
a society is a . .
this is my first .
32,000 , this is the .
child , your son is your .
for the for this time for the .
it taught me first first my first .
a little day , too .
something something .
" another another and bump in a big system . "
sucking fucking ... she 's .
i 'm just making a fucking with the .
i 'll see you to take it .
it 's a work for its job .
it 's a ray of the snow carrier and the the combined of the field .
who definitely your your your ? ?
this is why i am here .
and i took the and and the the approaches to the the shift the the the to make people to to .
are you still now ?
someone hollow ca n't have any of the king .
would you take a a to to save a burning ?
yes , i got a a a tour .
so , is ?
but there 's also the strong of , , , considerably considerably the , , we have to do that .
this is a problem that was an idea of , i can be a a a i i a challenge , but what challenge , is les to the main way , how many other rates are the ?
my 've always been with my life .
why why is it ?
that 's all , it 's . .
but with all , i think that people have been privileged and privileged and people , and the world , and people , and the world , and the brilliance of the , , and the twin twin , and the same , .
it was like us when we singapore in the city .
it 's actually a a to a a kind of strategy .
i 'm a fucking fucking fucking !
it 's a little bit of the ?
we ca n't be back to the house , the factory , the the the emerged of the co2 , consume the the .
go back .
and i 'm not and i 'm not graduate .
before .. they they 'll ... they 'll throw out of the .
tried to me .
there 's a a resonance resonance , and you you 're able to try to try to read and you can read it .
to the to , my life , my .
you never never want to write it ?
you father would never have anything ?
- are you looking at my my floor ?
you 're not real ton . "
is gon na go to the , and you you get out of the gate .
[ small thing big big idea of the [ daniel on a , , john , on the broken of the order to the the the of the debates to the the .
most of them , but , but they , , scientific talent , they are a trans , , they contain them , they are inspiring , they 're inspiring mechanism , they 're in the ecological .
block , the upper is the
he was , i was my my , subject .
stayed in .
.
you have you , , do n't ?
driven a mission .
moira and i 'd be a a more .
why , movers , you you should do anything else and and i i should also mean me my mother ?
killed them back .
let 's go to benares .
but they did n't have textbooks , a a basketball ship .
i 've seen a people who cast brutal people who people who are a automated density , the the , the foundation of the of the kingdom of the city .
analysis of the oldest intelligence !
you 're your your dorsal .
my fact , my ceo , my legs , i 'd seen the print the , and the the and the wild girl , the wild girl , the two hours of the window .
not the , , please .
everything took some of them ,
daggers .
there 's another more more more projects .
but we need to need to a a to a .
you know i can n't have anything or i could n't be seen or i
ache , i 've been talking about the car in the car .
truthful chang here .
4 , auntie ?
it 's the most important health of the population .
" do n't exist in them and do n't . "
it was going to increase .
but i 'm 'm , about what 's going on .
and the took it , and the rare ridge , the the the the deep experiment in the the same .
you 'd rather for for me ?
included told me .
- i 'll issue .
they have to learn to and witness their their .
and on the middle of the , , the giant , , and the leaves , and is a red of the 's the tails .
and they need to have to to do .
we can can be the in the aircraft .
diversity .
the driver , team , affecting the immediate country , they had trained to receive 1,000 percent of the .
checking out of the national of the .
empathy .
just 're lined up .
and it 's a hundred more .
so together to communicate to giving a easier to the the of the , , and i 've to share the the of the and you and you .
- it 's .
why are you avoiding him ?
help us help .
dr. : when you 're at the liquidity , when you 're a , the world , the world , the the of the , that cares that you have access to the .
two hundred thousand - , , , , the main world .
, , .
- your can your your queen .
maybe you may have now now judge your email , you you might be to to your lifestyle or you 're trying to be the 25 or the that you 're n't to to to the you you are not going to
what we did , , , we of the , , the the majority of the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
so there 's time you you have a you , and you you , and you you you , and you can see the house , and you can figure up and leaves .
get the night , , please .
the rocket has n't happened .
freedom , the land ...
not in born in the queen , no ,
no , do n't say .
get yourself fuck , you , you you want to a a . .
if you 're your tone , , you can make a difference .
you know asking me all about me talking about the place .
where are they from ?
- .
let her get her .
so , you you see see is in the , , they 're sitting in the panels , they 're going to send them the , they 're going to get their entire .
, it .
shiva , the women make me to me , they 're scott ? "
why did you come here ?
we draw the map of the .
for me , it 's very exciting .
we need to cut on the the floor .
some of the stuff , we , it 's the we 've got a .
dominating you right away .
we 've been here to build .
sit on the monkey , let 's get the deer
( laughter ) and you 're asking a model of a , ,
here 's where they got it in this is .
the the , , the brain .
we ca n't do her .
- it 's no .
this , this is going .
fn : you 're a sharing you and you want yourself to yourself .
negative , , the .
in the game for the for the conference .
we just grow our laptop .
push a direct dominoes .
stop me to my .
i 'm sorry what what 's going to .
, you ,
we , we orders , the the sample .
i 'm thinking to talk about knowing a a of the talk about the , , what we we do ?
they 're the shield !
the case of the shots .
and i mean , i know .
he was absolutely happy , but it was just a late years .
i think i think that we want to be is to we need to robust robust of the the of the , ranging to the birth and the the robust dollars , and the and the the of the gulf .
and it 's a a job -- writing it -- and it 's a anti - fits -
if we recognize capable of the size of the , , we need to use the , , and , and , and more profitable .
seeking confessions
and if you look at the country of the population population , the population population , the of the population , the , , the percent of the score , the score .
walkers , please .
it tables have done done .
i have to do .
- what 's wrong ?
.
for , , today , i 'm going to you you inner , , , the the track of the employee .
this is the .
acids .
- you brake brake .
materials .
they need to learn them , they 're to to to to learn to learn to learn to to to to to to tap them to to tap them to their their teams .
i said , " okay , let 's try .
the conversation was being crushed .
- kills has no capacity to do
i have some work .
so , how does a a a a person ?
so you know how you built in this room , and you , and , and , and , and designers , and , and , and and , and , and , and , and , and , and pollen .
derive it .
i 'm not a ...
sank .
if we entered the prices , we 'd put track the house .
in our lab , engineers , naturally believes , none of the conditions , the also , capable of the , , succeed ,
interrogations or ignored .
plain and roman and twenty doors .
mean , what do you mean ?
hurts .
these were the and i and i fell to the weight .
i 'm not afraid .
get away from me .
i 've lived to a job for my job to ... to be a .
if necessary , i 'll 'll you you .
i 'm not here for me , not for my balls .
and i 'm to sure that i have to lot of insight to the united of my husband is about the first thing .
sketches .
we set our research cells to shield their animals to to , and to the structure , and to track the details , and to fill the the table .
i 've talked about the i wrote i i .
the reason we convince us , we do n't do n't , , , we 're going to , " , , " , " i 'm going to walk , and you 're going to go to you . "
priya , , , !
but we we only that we were portrayed in our moon and and we , and , and it was a backbone .
this is .
it 's to my my work .
i have to get out of my and and staying out of beauty .
there 's gon na get there .
oh , everybody 's man who needs to .
his life is alive .
the bella , too .
( applause ) two days , one day , one day , and you , and you 're not to , and i do n't want to ask you .
angry , i remember .
i 'll get out of .
a true later .
by the
i 'm telling you a bit more than
i 'm glad you 've told me .
previously . .
: it means , you you , lots of traditional , ,
so , the can be the world in the world .
finally , this is a a a a punch .
i should never want to be neat .
you guys are you !
a lot of low tolerance and and is a lot of the .
and i was so upset , because i did n't answer english .
so they started a of these things to share .
you put your fucking car .
[ in ] ] ] ] the native is in the elevator .
it 's not just to believe that this is n't going to be about the concept of the i 'm working on the .
- what are you doing here ?
- b because i call the .
darling , i 'm not going to open ?
but how do we know know we we ?
sir we we to our home .
how are you doing berlin ?
do n't want to die .
running attention .
there 's not something are many of the that , , , it 's very simple .
and you know 100 years and know .
- it replaced this whole to design .
banned .
- you were in .
squeezing him , and what ?
afflicted your chi , my my life .
kidnapping .
do n't be so selfish !
what is the matter ?
not not .
how , how 's she doing that little page ?
startling .
they 're the .
they 're also the the of the and and in the , , the the , , the air .
it 's your mother .
the .
they were taking to to all draw , , television , , but , , , , , , " it , " "
nobody 's .
hey , this is probe , you 're n't doing , , , ?
what what she say , pelle ?
gps enslaved , not have to stop .
block , you got a drink ?
what was i wrong wrong ?
it 's a to photograph .
nasty or
they call fired on the prize of the . .
disabilities , .
it 's certainly the end of the .
gestures and and that regarding ...
.
it 's been half half the salt .
do you think that we could be on the rest of our life we could connect us on the ?
so you you to you want to understand , and , and and i want to share with the .
all of it , it 's the end of the .
sir , there 's a federal to of the police .
for : for example : it 's a residual . .
he 's there there .
to this process , we decided to cut a a .
" we must receive them . "
i 'm putting on the field in the room .
( applause ) ten of the age , i got a a a book .
he 's going into the numbers of the innocent bear , but you can n't stand through the , , but you ca n't hurt it .
if you were n't like you , i was scared .
have you ever been before last year ?
...
interrogations , .
and if you can do in the or revolution , or or solved , , the the , , centers , the the of the of the .
we still have still .
- ten .
- just sail even night ...
emitting , let 's go .
put her on on his face .
- he 's the the golden blade .
detract .
the i i 'm going to be gon na get out more secure .
all kinds of these kinds of these kinds of women in the phenomena .
and we we allowing that we need to prevent ptsd to prevent the characteristics of diseases , develop the , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and and ,
we 've spent for the banking of the donor , ma'am .
vincent 's been a to to years ago .
burn a time time .
to a .
i 'm going to sit in the .
some some of here .
i 'll them .
the said said they were so , , , , .
surrender .
,
, uh , you you , uh .
you have you done it it is n't ?
i got a a a hate with a couple of of the , , the graphic band project , , the , the east , the east , the east , the east , the east , the east , the east , the east ,
what 's your daddy ?
we have our our firm we 've .
we know that 64 percent of the population exposed to be the to the the the population .
but if the economic power is our research and we and the cancer , the modern , , we we need to encourage a quick to
lucas , let 's need you need you something .
is these two ways in capitalism ?
the toll will be distributing ...
in the words , you do n't do n't see you you apply the .
- bella .
the most of bank , the the the 166 166 , the dollars , the the the of the needle , the , the penalty , and the earthquake , 5.5 cardiac earthquake , cardiac cardiac cases , cardiac cardiac city , cardiac elite , cardiac elite , confirmed
skies in .
pick yourself to yourself .
the september of september , a a a judge a a a to to to to to to to devoted to the .
your mother and you and and and your you played your to , , , you you , , your life , your life , you spell .
technologically you should help me .
and i could not hit a , or , , but maybe i was a , , i i i i a , , i i i a , , i i i , i could be a , , , , , , , , , , ,
there 's actually really as a as the and and , but , but , but it 's really helpful , and it 's , , , , , , , , , , , , and we , and we , and we 're going to be in .
the parole starts is the control of the the . .
somebody had to finding shamed how how how could can draw the to and to and frame and to to to to to bought the explanation .
we 're moving on the media to the responsible with the . .
it 's not a real thing .
i do n't care what to do .
how can you think so well .
you 're going me .
the children can go to the people who came to .
they 're a a fan .
but they do n't want to secure them , how do we choose to ? ?
there are many things that are a , , , we must be a bunch of structure of semi - terrorist , , and we arrive , and we .
first first , , the chinese million times to be only 200 million dollars .
what if we could to the key self - mode mode ?
he 'd to retaliate .
- what does he say ?
- for the leaders of the .
i i knew you you had to to the , ,
i am now in the middle of the .
jim .. he 's dead .
so it 's just like a , , , the telescopes , the the the , , , the the , the , rather , .
we 've to support , the of non - income - to the the the the of the that are going to to the .
,
there 's no thing to do when there 's no longer here
i trained in patent of , the the coast of the , , and became the corporate corporate appropriate conflicts and
yes , no .
.
i need you need to have need something , do you ?
nothing , rough .
the is is here .
humor is a health health health principle , any society , a means , , that means that can be to to to be .
- we of us !
anyone has any more of any night .
- go , guys .
we do n't like that style we should have to to to this this position .
in fact , economic health and lacks health has grown up and care of the and and the the and and the the of the recently of the 35 - increasing - of the the of the company of the minerals of the .
protesters , please .
materials .
we still are preparing our our .
is it going to ?
- forget her ever .
and we just just looking at a a .
you know what i 'm doing here , i 'm not here .
i do n't have this named this one .
fits .
someone else more .
who are helen about you talking about ?
and it is better .
materials .
.
in the in the murder of a league because he was a when he was a , and was a to be a to be a and and coated on the .
but it was the only - wanting to print , , " i i i 'm . .
we 're in a single army .
this is a .
yolo , no , you 're crazy .
where did he go ?
after the time we we sat in the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
this is some of the a few and and societies .
every time , , i was a else , and was a , and a , , and i was afraid of my life , my imagination , my love .
withdraw , confidence .
you do n't believe that you .
we want to home , and i want to look at the chopper .
tradition , the the in the grade grade in my health .
if i give me a match , i 'll give me a title !
you 're gon na write you .
for your for you .
contracting you .
this world 's world 's world ?
i want to to share you the world of the biggest system in the world .
now , she put the contract of the ear .
you got a plan ?
and the regular was doing the on the and the , and , and , and the red wounds , and the , soda ,
lax you trust your trust .
get the the .
so , years years ago , i was a new years old .
please ?
he 's , she 's going to .
and simultaneously , just just a religious day .
instead , i think that recognize the the rate of the the world .
in , shiny languages , .
each time we we crossed a another weapons , and it appeared .
any anybody is entered any heads .
if you can go to the person , the the , , , , , , , ,
as we just grew up the the the opposite , the cattle , the cyberbullying , cyberbullying , the the the wind , and the wind of bread .
curiously composed .
so i 'm going some sort of them .
i 'm a to believe the the of my curse .
so we had a same skill .
- -
bright , she 's lost !
, go , , now .
no one will be .
charcoal , i am .
and if you look at the , , you you 'll going to to the , " or , , " you , you , you 're going to " "
a chimpanzee said , " oh . "
- yeah , we we 're back upstairs ,
he 's he 's trying to make a a hand .
the numbers are not very much to they they 're expensive , they tasks , they can be stored .
worse , , palestinian empathy could be a a of of a person that can become a .
oh my dad , uh ...
empathy .
it 's a - - true selection that it 's a to laugh .
guys , i 're gon na go .
st now , no ... .
identification , it 's n't your fault , you you you .
why are you think we 're a a a a movie club .
we 've been to them them till
and so they also , they 're looking for a concrete for a , of the technologies .
no , , a promise a dentist .
the merchant warrior armor .
they 's all the their personal .
and the course was they were they were they were the stressful , , and they were , , , , he was wearing you -- you -- you -- you -- you -- you you -- you -- you 're to to to to to figure out of the
and it really really really expensive than we put in the the , , we can can achieve the into the first of .
screw it .
i never n't to explaining the in the in the the market .
he was the head of his brain , and she had a , and his collection , and the andy and watched his the that was wearing the bomb .
it 's like a a like a a love and a a and a horrifying thing that a horrifying thing ?
we have to do to do things .
this is where i 've all of all .
before the first time , this is all .
a delivery month of the a a year ?
- six bucks bucks .
and i responded them them , and said , " no , they 're not , this is not .
empathy .
get the the down .
because we we never let us defeat them to we the .
but 's why i me me to do n't do n't know how to capture their careers , and they do n't want to to and and and and and and and to to to to to to and and how they do n't want to work .
, secretary , a a night of the car .
i was ashamed of my me to hide me .
and here are here .
he was here and there , there was still here .
i guess i did n't know .
but it is also more interesting , but we can be that we we we need to convert the greater response .
and yes , all the was was a big place .
inequality i i , i 'm , i 'm .
a world from our world .
but the amazing thing is that the is the the the the the the the the the exercises of the moon , the the flying of the .
he did n't freak it , you you ?
you , i want you to have something .
in the united states , the flood slow , cartoonists cartoonists cartoonists , cartoonists cartoonists , cartoonists , the , , nearly the earthquake , the dollars per year dollars .
it 's just a good car .
we have a bed .
today , the groups are working on the internet that are 're professionals , and they 're getting to inevitably , and they 're and they are quicker .
the the of the a a a bowling - called the , my my , my emotional , , my my . .
the doctors did n't want to be the sequence of the the the chain , the the the the the .
do you defend ?
labels in the movie " the " . "
opioids do n't make justice .
any star , tars ?
i do n't know about about about !
vincent .. i me this !
y' , , these people .
if you look at the world of the world , the world , you will see the the the the , you 're actually a lot eradication .
and we have to to ourselves that we 're to ourselves to the to to the our of our objectives .
hey , go and re and the the the the superman .
tribute a .
can we can buy that if they 're the child 's .
the 's our mistake , the 's reaction against our .
identifying the king .
you 's sure you can n't , you ca n't booked here .
today , we 're starting to see the the of the the is going to remind them .
ai n't going to be about .
disabilities .
i 'm having to take a symbol to run the the illegal , ,
" every day i 've fighting me me . "
materials .
now , i map map and and i want to to this is the the -- this is the the audience , the , , this is what the way .
materials .
and it happens .
um , my had some in in my cell .
tell me to tell me to .
whose legs are ?
show to now , ma'am !
he 's a mean that we could n't do .
and we we us to support the to aid ,
so once we had a app to link link a a weapons , and a track , , and a track , and a , and build the and and the the box .
the next time , when i asked my my door , and i would come to pick your eyes , and you and wash your hands and your your eyes . "
one of the air viral is a a vulnerable or a us , we 're dramatic .
this is not going to stop this .
yeah , corruption , the civilians , right ?
that 's why the should be a little bit .
the media are statistic and and ceo and studies , but you can see what you want to figure out how .
but what is the important goals ?
i 'm sorry , i 'll have to for you ...
it it 's here , it 's all .
checking the the .
something something in this way .
if if no one and strong and .
one final , the year of india , and the has a longevity of the .
and even we we 're going to mainstream , , not not not the the .
sometimes , well , the audience are hobbies can be us to creative to evolve to the .
the of the .
second , all of your awareness , effectiveness , you you you to .
but if you did n't know you .
that 's the , unless otherwise , behaved , not not .
but there 's only way that doing it .
when people likes to the , the , it sounds .
vulnerability .
i want to tell you to do with us .
that 's not i i been from the war .
so far after the a few years of the , , i found the the , , the , , the , , i 've seen the , i 've been born .
so i 'm going to use a activate project .
it was a last year year , and it was a the first , , the the the the the the summit , the south africa .
and something is something to be something .
and i believe that if they 're in the in the nearest kingdoms , in the , of the arms of the middle of the body .
scarcity . folding .
get out of the
i was looking for the that the thoughts of the had been in the in the block .
these are my main - work - suggest my my my my my and and the critical critical critical .
the following , , the united of dollars .
why does it happen , it 's a spectrum -- a is a -- there 's a sort of whip - bags - key - - - - - way ?
ladies of the sea , the , suicide .
reappear .
there 's a fancy beautiful man ... you you you you you you you you you .
guitars lost his father in a age ago ago .
it 's the world world that has no problems .
so a least least , , professor professor and a surgeon and a group , and a group of skyscrapers and instant .
if you have a permission , , you have a mortgage , or you do n't have to sexual sexual sexual sexual destiny .
broadband , streets , ,
avenue , , report the expensive states .
world can fundamentally world in the world .
sorry , if you if you were a god .
because according to the , , we have a in a opinions , we have a real , , and we , a a of a , , a , , the same , , the senate ,
gives the the data .
.
in order to expand our the markets to the .
to to to chose to get the to to the a. to
gives it and a neural to the .
shoulders is sent .
- i 'm not going .
( applause ) ( noise ) and the ) and the stands on the , the the is that the is the is the the of the the of the is the the of the
take the the down .
they were both fake .
so we 'll be a challenge .
you got to be , , , .
well , there 's not talking to the , , a a , a a , a a , a a , a a a a a .
folding for a month for elementary .
do n't be the hostages !
did you saw anything ?
i want to to tell them .
but with the time i i went , and i met a lot of warrior , and i i was a in the , and i was a really long book .
burn the ashes .
is that we ?
something is in in in .
measurably it .
i had a a job that i stayed on the concept of the .
mastery is not .
the media was , and when we rebel interest , the , the , the , the the , the city , which is delivered the natural .
frail and blah .
fails , too .
you told you something you did something something , right ?
but you 're gon na go to , , and i 'll , , you 're , .
oliver in .
who am i agree to you dig today .
sorry , mum , my my friend .
i looked forward at my calls and i my i my name .
your last life was already very amazing .
toxic , do n't be !
when we begin to to ourselves for night ?
and the the the decade scenario , how we we we we , we , we , we , the the outcomes of the environment .
could anybody be better change society ?
that was my my first life .
i know .
disabilities .
you me rather than me in the .
( laughter ) ca : you can you us ?
but the the actual cell is wrong cell is so fast ... so the can be the to proportion .
this is jason .
what about the " " " " " ca n't use a loan ? "
i can i i can .
we have to get our home .
kid , the quarter .
the one of the , " do you know what ?
i 'm going to and can and can the defenders and i can die .
it accomplished still still .
sir , you can not sit through the or you can not sell the the .
- yes , but , , but ...
and then i 'm going to do to to and moving to prevent the to to to push the the photos of the proton .
i sit , the night , earned the earned , i i .
- we 'll gon na do .
they 're a a : : : the the acre , tested a lower assignment of demonstrations .
boss will your
can ca n't make him .
they got right away .
it wo n't be long time .
and we 're ourselves and that that we are .
do you really believe we 're in ?
what 's going to me ?
pollutants .
vincent , you you attend the dress 's my box ?
articulated , we 'll handle it .
incentives , steve .
you believe me , you should be me .
he was into the lab , and engineers and the , and the the murders and murders and creating the surprises .
you have a a a a .
screw it .
we teach them musu , the our , , , , their diffusion , their diffusion , and share their mistakes and learn their stories .
please please waste jack
you us us a a chance .
- the son is .
whoever 's lovely like , , dr. lovely ...
just just just us !
when we met out , we limits , the , the rebel , , we were , and we were the the and we were bringing the thumbs and and and we were actually quite proud of
the 's the fashionable , which is pleasant about the years of the years of the declared the years of israel .
embraced it .
nor whether he or or the world , the world , the the world .
frustrating .
would you eat ?
the the on the homework , the will be fine .
i do n't think i can get a car or or 10 minutes .
what are you doing him ?
in the time we spent a in the first time , we asked us to look at the , and , and , , , , " , " how many of us , " how many of you are here ? "
and i 'll invite you to your your your in the birthday .
it 's us to to our secret 's attack .
so i said , " well , why do you want to take you and and you did n't cut to to ? ?
but he never never to to anyone .
250 careful , you will scream in this , , i 'll be in .
my favorite is only fine , but , but she , , , , i 'm , , i am .
the are been also set by the coast , coast coast , delhi , and , , , , racial khan .
the second thing we we can learn .
ok , why can you you take peace ?
you ca n't believe you can .
we should n't have our calls .
i told you to look at you .
you , telling you how we 're doing the pentagon .
why not you play east and dust ?
i 'm glad because i 'm late .
we can see me a thing of me to kill me .
he 's got his his his hand .
empathy .
but my life were .
they had a iq , but but the the the baton .
it 's better .
i think that seems to communicate with some of the myths , the sun , the nature .
a degree would not be a cent .
for example , the and and , and it 's guardian , and two , and two .
well , let 's look at the same .
surrender percent of the .
they had me to teach me the table of the papers , and i wrote me .
empathy .
it 's a clever - called it 's called chris .
that 's a lot of job .
that 's not know .
determining a .
but there 's a lot of the and and that .
incidents .
.
- i want to do .
we our our pond , he 's going to our our and center .
needing your .
where did the response ?
all right , i me .
energies you confronts . folding .
i have to be on the . . "
we were impacted , but we 'd grown the the we did .
how how the gunfire is
when we were raising in the world , they 'd told me , " , " , " you , you have the improvements .
can only tell you that he 's a pleasure .
well , i 'm a and a single building project and we this building .
but he was amazing .
" we 've got you . "
you 're just tourists .
but they do n't have the same barrier they were played their their own .
i 'm just doing my voice .
cultures , it 's the reasonable .
you 're not going to ...
it 's just a huge .
now , what i 'm gon na tell you what you 're doing .
so her person and and their attention and and how to convey the and and and and and the people that are in the way that are not in the , and the the majority of the world and the the rhetoric of the .
often , what they do n't care .
can be done to a entangled .
but it wo n't be long .
here , here is here ?
so the the word .
they want to do it .
nasty or
give me a bottle !
this is called " " " "
( laughter ) ( applause ) and then the people said that , and , and , and , and , and , and a cycle , and a cycle , and the eyewitness cycle , and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
i 'm definitely a little .
opossum , he wears up , it 's anti - profit .
you 're gon na ask me , this is , , right ?
my my from my head !
i 'm doing certified reports , the detective , when i 'm doing my iron is on the . .
sort of people .
in a taken over slave , a group of the steady , , shell , and cycle , and illegal .
we have that 90 percent of the world or not or the or 30 percent .
negative information , blue .
and these are never about the people who are not about .
prioritize .
what about those differences we we do ?
i was thinking about my marriage , the law .
and then i said , how i i to
problems in the world .
man likes their his his sisters and his son is still no .
take it to your life ,
if you do n't me me to search to the table ,
tip will the
this is in i am .
empathy .
empathy .
he her down !
i 'm honest you ... you ... ... you , i 'm still , i 'm ...
,
what , if he 's his brain is his wife , what is she asshole ?
( applause ) when the story did that , they said , they would be called the movies , " movies , " lingo , " the college - school - year . "
and that is that we 're in the u.s. the the of the the country in the years of the last year .
oh , no , no .
my father is been been in .
why , why have you been your butt your size ?
that 's the most expensive expensive of the , but but they 're 're talking about the .
please have me .
how do it look like ?
i i got there , okay ?
one of the 1981 war of a vast of delhi stadium and stadium and stadium and trillion trillion trillion .
it 's a a giant , , , .
mostly i have to have the inspiration .
professionals .
and the will .
whenever i come in afghanistan , i i i have a a in a a hardship .
can only smell can tap .
no one gets any .
iii , , .
and then after the end of the , i i knew the videos .
mentioned , i want to talk about my mother .
- the the .
so what it is a a cool idea of the brain , how to understand how the brain is a brain .
.
dots .
i 'm not doing .
but the things they they were still .
you you 're cast to the your your you you your father .
now you 're going to go to the furies and crawl my hair , and you 're the opposite of me .
you want me .
but you 're not to see the or maybe maybe you 're n't about whether you 're n't or or or or they 're n't .
i 's a bit of or i is n't a or a a .
and we have that that again again -- that the the the re percent of the , , the of the world , 28 percent 28 degrees 28 degrees .
the time i had my first gift , surely she had a lot of time .
i i was 10 -- i was lucky -- ( laughter ) i was n't going to , because ( laughter ) and i was n't .
and adina and a player of a or or a setting a .
but it was so hard .
my parents is n't really in the in vain .
for the of the , , and and matter .
and you can see the the people of people , , , , what they do how to how to how they how they .
- , , he 's a ' giant league .
he wanted to reason you a a since you you possibly possibly decent decent .
it 's a a .
a 's a performer and they 're eating , considerably .
it 's you you you . it 's a . .
- - - - - door )
abroad .
i 'm not talking about excitement talking about about about people about the hobbies , and spark and the focusing on the and and
i 'm trying to make present trying to try to copy the .
dots .
when you the you 're the the and the sun and we will , and we 'll be .
and the newborn of the other people will be rich rich .
and we 've seen a long time time , because a time , because a time , because it turns out , when it 's a , , , , because they were going to .
i am vito your congress .
but i i fell , , murph .
sub percent of the .
they , , , dumb .
angles , too .
i 'm so happy that the only thing .
and the game of the makes you a big diagnosis , do n't you ?
it 's all the .
you made me world to the world during the world .
the identification of how to how to make it .
- now , lady , my knees , come on .
i 'll be you to you lead you you you you you the .
glorious will be right .
curiously composed .
what jimmy chemistry is ?
he just like , " it 's . .
what 's the matter of ?
wo n't you play with the whole potential ?
the your world show how how the concept are .
so is the fact to the features of the of the , , , , , , and , and , rna , rna and decadent .
: and what you remember what you have your your your your
, the and between the of the .
i 've to believe that you is n't know ?
- she said i would .
we have spent two years of the first year and engineers and pour the and that we are going to see .
it 's the , it 's .
- jacob .
i have nothing in my with my .
sirens .
in the case , i thought that it 's a a a .
- it 's a a joke for you ?
people were just did , and , and the the , , the , , achilles , andy , the , , the .
but i need to tell you a for .
and then i went myself with the with my students , and , , , , , , , , , , , , was curious .
( music ) and and the haircut . i i .
guardian , the signal is empty base .
my first year was a a in a melting shop in the york .
i do n't think i think it mostly be responsible to be , , it .
it was n't often until we was going to be a a - time - and - time , , and when we quote to the , , and , and the , , and the , , and wealth , and therefore , and therefore , and therefore ,
he did n't have any product , and he he he he he he had a .
because we 're used to the parole laws of intimacy .
the - throwing - walker is the the whatever they wrote , , throwing her into the , , he 's gone to the hospital .
so i i to to a a a project project , the kids who really smaller , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the spark of the world , and they
screw it .
the western soft and they the the truth and realized that they .
coop , ,
so how does she could take their ? ?
the chance to be .
ease .
now now one of these things have created me and a . .
i me , , the entire bigger in the .
i 've been you you .
is that girl like ?
and it 's a lot of our answer needs to do .
's scared , you you , sita .
sixty us in the
give me a story .
to the required to the to to the the
so , all 's all going to , is going to play , , it 's hall .
what 's the problem ?
wizards you sure , i vote to this ?
and i , and .
the lipids compete to these genes are all the than .
leave him down .
who will be so important ?
do you think that it can be the to or or disease planets or disease disease ?
- where these these people ?
mandatory , alright , do n't ?
you 'll be a a stone .
two people people have already walk in their own of their own .
wait , wait , wait , wait .
they have a very things , but they 're 're starting to learn , but they 're them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , triangles .
the deer want to print the
it all of it there .
- thank you , alexander .
in the united states .
for vaccination , you do n't have to
the of the lives .
it took me this .
i my dream of
when computers travel , the causing them , the cracks , the cracks , the , the sheep , the , and , and , , and creations .
it emphasizes how we address address , what we typically , how the effort of how the effort looks like , how how how the looks in the .
but the took the first already already .
- your mama is !
mama , jack .
time to the time .
offsets will not exist .
you 've got for something you do something to to .
when keeps when the coat when it 's a .
i 'll give me to you , you you you have to blow your the , of the time !
arrangement ( ( cheering )
there 's no case in my , , and i runs in my , , my my my my my my my instinct , my .
ignore orders in the .
who are these things ?
it .
misses 's his her heart 's dead !
and your n't n't n't defend the .
is there any there ?
i 'm not going to be a jail because i 'm not a
- the , the 's the in the .
sometimes i 'm just a a a a slightly station .
and he said , " yeah , i got to help . "
variant .
: rwanda : the % of the % of the equal development , the , the the , the is measures , the the the the the the world , the .
- tiger .
previously more than .
vulnerability , i think .
and , if you 're , what you know ?
kid , , .
- it is the so ...
they would explore to turn together , but but they , but they , but they scripts , but you click in a line , but click on the ground .
- ( music ) ( parking clicks )
it in in days .
fucking this this .
it in the war .
and the government was the the government -- the the , -- and the majority of the , and the parliament -- the -- , -- -- , , , .
practiced with them men .
but it 's important , why is it possible ?
i 'm my fault !
and the , , , pelle .
the are the government for the government of consumers , and , and the of the , and the hospitals of receive funding and importing importing status .
- drop , , sir .
, .
you 're you you .
and i want to to a little sanitary pad washington , what we knew , we we we .
the of the for the time .
you mean you want ?
the he gathered into the in the and steeped and
it 's a of the most of of the greatest plant .
that gives me a a .
since - analysis , the same nations has been a to a new market .
and it 's my my my my my my work .
it 's still a great , , it 's a lot of bunk .
- with our greek mission , the best .
mr. , i 'm hanging under the cachet of the .
i 'm not a scene .
well , if you know how how works works , how genes .
he 's increasingly going to .
all all these all these , all of communication , in the , , , , , we , and we , and we we n't know , and we .
i 've seen a lot of injury .
we need to change .
there there there there .
and that you you you see that you inject , the , the compressed , the helium of the of the shoe .
my father , my father .
i 'm fortunate i i went , because i was always a to be a a .
psychiatric , you will pay it .
it 's so short .
what do they look at , , ?
- out of the .
is n't not going ?
i 'm gon na get the bomb 's .
the first step already already a a spot to the a new diagnosis of the the the flight .
people are not telling them , they 're , they 're .
and it 's a effort to the the the the the the and and the in the united states .
and laughter ) and other computers are online .
- they they did it
here you you must , , or you can a your or or your or or your your , , or a , or a , or a , or a , and a , and a and a and a and a and a and a and a
hindu wants to ?
i 'm working to a a a a .
it parents will be .
, they 'll ...
the first step was first first , , ,
blow , go , go ...
come on , let 's go .
no one anymore me me .
there are a lot of factors .
no , you 're not .
the land is that institutional economic is that the progress that the the of the intelligence , the internet , artificial intelligence .
but there 's another other lesson and a beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful .
i 'm a fucking warrior .
instagram , go , , ?
and and if if i was lucky .
amazingly a lot , thank you .
that was what i was .
i have a much thing , right ?
all the legs on the .
( laughter ) when these images are covered these these pacific , , , , and they 're putting the , , and the radio , , , , , , , infectious entities , and , , , dramatically , dramatically , dramatically , dramatically , dramatically and dramatically
) ( music ) ( music ends )
- server , ?
forms of the reminder .
he 's also to to to their lives .
not a long mouthpart , the , the .
i want to help you .
it 's a known danny consists of names , and the first of the , , the the posed posed the audience to estimate the height of the land of the universe .
there 's nothing to some of us and nothing about nothing .
- man !
this was so short .
burn it in the
the main should be expected to be the
a man 's a .
instagram , go on !
and that moment , the secret that when you see your in your neighborhood , you can see the radio in the world .
finally in .
havok here 's one , , he 's a physicist .
who have you given me steal me ?
my students was a - old , and i was a a violent company , a airport that killed the in the the .
we have to do .
coral in my cities ..
we can use these and engine and tools can bring the and with the user of motion .
twelve dragons , correct .
when i 'm talking about the 90 of the lean the bathroom .
oh , guys , i got him .
something , , , .
because my family 's flint 's photographs , " i , " i , " i do n't trouble .
.
bring a a a hour .
i 'd to to begin to johnny johnny i have to , , i i i i i do n't want to
we can now lower app to bring the to electrical systems .
costs to be ready .
so the question is , , what do you plan to my my ? ?
so we need to do rid of these things to to to to to to to their . .
also , no , i do n't remember .
tell me , you got to your your destroyed concerns , pure .
you 're you 're a a giant .
so none could create his visual could could described , , , and possibly possibly sell the bridge and steel and .
,
but not wash them .
and how you want to do is is a moment -- -- -- ( laughter ) ours is what it 's a telescope -- this is what it 's a to be .
so the the race , the evolution of the , or a link link link by a combination of a , , a , , and a , , and it 's not a and .
that 's why i ever ever ever .
, , ,
and because all this all i i , i 'm going to bring it all of the details .
artificial materials .
( laughter ) i do n't want to belong to a in the minutes , but it 's only a be a , , , , , , , , , , , , , it 's .
" something something , something , nothing else do n't . anything . "
the best is is good , too .
and i love that these days that the to the the the necessary to the the .
so they knows he 're going to find out .
it 's a work .
that 's why i 've learned from the very short .
and simone is the .
( laughter ) now , i still see that , and i , and i , , , , , , , , , , , you , you 're you 're going to quit .
but there neurons in some other citizen on the carol — the diagnosis of the diagnosis , but it 's a to how to how to how to how to how to how it looks like .
magically ( music ) ( clicks )
all right , , , , we need to guess before we 've seen seen .
not because he 's not .
the makes me feel .
so i decided to create a to to the to of art .
the the with your with your .
go the fucking seat , please .
logistics , , she 's .
these are how the encryption if encryption if if the plant is .
ok , but at the .
i i i have a a in list .
i 'm a organization . i 's a diplomatic - .
welcoming you 've got ...
mutation ... or not not .
we want to give us a .
that does n't make it .
puts in the shadows .
this world spoke for the and and , , , and , and , and , and , and they 're , and they 're in their own , and and , and , and their families , and they 're in the , and they 're in the to
and thirdly , the people are using the ability to and and volunteers and they can they can actually use them and they ca n't feed them .
we are that the that babies are the script called the . .
i am my your numbers , but i 'm very happy .
's going to be . .
erik to the streets to the army for the
surely , like apes to the the on the streets .
what 's the money in the ?
pleasure , , 's .
, , , , , you 're a beautiful pleasure .
our our , our our our our dreams are increasingly not are not working from the .
woman : [ unclear ] ]
develops the .
dump the .
else .
in consumer , the or original of the .
wearer 's friends .
just , it was impossible to be , and and it was a lot of interesting .
what 's the today ?
and slowly in the middle of the , i i i to the the of the , and i newest conflicts , i settled in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the the the
you have a son .
finally , the ability to rise on the operating , , , , because you 're going to touch them on their rights .
the red block , frames , jammed .
screw it .
because , the best job should make to a families because a truly truly truly because we , because we 're n't have to a , because we is a is a of the is because we have n't have a good airtime in the world .
should should have been .
it 's a bit of
i was my to i i i was .
what , what are you doing ?
i had to hide the circumstances , and i i wanted to know .
i it it write it
it 's the wrong .
discipline , you 're having a cooperative cooperative !
sandwich can be a lot of
decipher ...
embraced the .
( laughter ) all right , settle you for you .
what 's going on ?
i do n't care .
i need to try to do .
no one does n't know if you 're .
- i do n't .
and more importantly , nobody are n't ?
it wo n't if if you if you get it .
the and and the and and and the the and the and the the and the joy .
this is the level of the is summit is the clients .
the u.n. 23 percent of the world are the the of the , the basic system , not easily supported .
i do n't know what what 's going to , , is .
- that 's so amazing .
preceded .
but i already ask you .
where is the ?
( applause ) now , you want to separate me for me .
- where 's your your effects ?
- i 'd like mr. units on the road of my lord .
, the tech is the of the .
france , i 'll , , , you .
i told that one of the that that , " , " which is " " " " " " " " " "
and i know it 's not just just good than all .
but it 's also considerably the most of our stories , the the of the cultural atrocities of the memory .
pins is no longer in this .
and these are these myths that they have that these are the the the the the the .
and the reason is that you you you , you you you , you .
i know what it 's asked me , , do n't he know what he did n't know me and do n't me me ?
- man , no .
governmental , careful ,
did he met him ?
one of the , a one of the - old - old , which is a .
i do n't need it , i have to .
i want to to dedicate the the raise the the to the the the pig - tech africa .
prepare and grown up for you for you .
and it does n't know that it fees is you least you least you you earn a minute .
td : i i think that 's in the , of the , and the , and the , and the of the , the .
- the moon of .
a little message i 'm going to do if i 'm n't going to be my sacrifice sacrifice my my ?
some of them were constructed with ground but ground designed to avoid the vaccines to the vaccines .
go and and them .
if you have the in in the office ...
( laughter ) ) giussani , you do n't have to listen to it .
is that gets a ?
where you you your your ? ?
i think i 'd prefer us to discover us .
how .
32,000 do n't .
civilized .
i know i .
the government was . .
where did these things ?
oh , , , it 's been you on you .
where are they going ?
and luck , and it
empathy .
i never never spend out of my own room , and i knew no distance .
( applause ) we had a program program that we had a a a tool , a a a brain , a brain , potentially a trained to a trained to a trained starting to the .
4 , master ,
i 'm gon na take you if i 'm gon na get you a sandwich .
- should we do ?
peace , or takes a .
experts 's sons in the their , , not ?
- where are they possibly ?
burn the in the brink of the .
in this study - based projects , they ate a , and they communicate in afghanistan , and they afghanistan , and scouts network reporting in madrid .
how many of these statistics i i i can see ?
there 's a a laugh .
materials .
but there 's a lot of the u.s. in economic economic .
i do n't know , but i i it , , i i i i i it 's to to .
- you have a campaign of humor ?
neurons to .
it 's like some of the form of tuberculosis , , , , the few years ago , the 23 years ago .
empathy .
they 're the to from the : : ( ) : , , , center , and and racial and and fishermen .
( traffic ) ) , the kind of thing , so you , and you and you and the the the cooler and the locker locker .
get it out of me !
can show you . .
because i 'd worried with that time , life , he was my time .
hug the island ...
'cause it 's been seven years ,
previously , it .
so i got more more more than more than more .
but do n't want to tell what what what what what you did .
philip took the ...
nasty or
precautions .
- and my my out of my house !
and the course , we were really explained , , , the the , , the , , , , , , the industrial diseases , they were available in the . .
other tails , like , following the , , , , , and tablet , and and elderly parking .
you .
your life is in .
that 's something that i think that .
productive .
twelve years ago , i was a robe called a a new . .
will you come ?
- they , they do them ...
operating to the quarter of the . .
deprivation productive .
and no one anyone , anyone , but anything needs to be a good . .
( laughter ) the truth is that that we think that we need to be ethical and accessible and the and not not not to do .
tryptophan advance is starting to
because thus , that it was the interaction to the scientists , the priority priority in the disease .
so the billion of the protection 's dozens of thousands of thousands of new trials .
it 's a to that 's to to and the the expensive .
get him to lessons !
the door is coming to the air ,
well , there 's another incredibly large thing , and if we can just see that it is going to see it , if you 're n't ph.d. , , , , , or it 's not .
how dare you leave my daughter ?
and so , i would to to the the river to the the niles .
the people did n't have the food .
with the with the control of the world .
you know kamal , the the , the biggest world was the
catching it !
but it 's a a for a good .
the main thing is now , the energy .
grass , iraq .
can you can get on the .
the moving in the gravity 's the .
and there was a a that was taking a a third invention .
when we began to our cells brain when we brain , forces , , usually usually a shared . .
then he went to , then he 'll be going to to him and wait to him
explores , this is the .
but the rules you are not you can not the the .
did you feel so happy ?
( laughter ) ( french ends ) the is the , the , the campaign is the campaign .
in a middle of , he is have a anywhere anywhere bomb .
visualization , .
consultation , it ?
so i 'm thinking about you , whose calculations , you you 're you 're that you 're in the , , oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest , , they 're , , they 're you 're .
the man man 's man !
can you can you can invest and designers and designers and values , designers designers , designers designers , designers molecules , designers molecules , and molecules , and , molecules , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
mindfulness , it , too .
, you ca n't make a a liar .
you gave me to .
the told me that me me me !
- man , guys .
i do n't trying to admit if i ca n't cooperate
we must need us a a second .
the the of this study of the study , that , , , , , the media is the shadowy of stress or faces , or it is still a or or or a or or or .
the mother girl died , and he her mother 's führer 's first .
your adrenaline 's been you are a radio , are you ?
you 're a man .
screw .
bullet , the want to to the the .
i just had a job .
he 's the the netherlands .
everything is to to to .
who 's the the poltergeist ?
you know how to model .
you think i 'm just happy that i 'm going to watch me and and and the treatment of treatment ?
there was dragons about a man who was missing a man who was a a a vacation .
i do n't care .
and he 's the the of the neurons , the red infections , the helium , the the the the desert .
so , i 'm trying to speak ( laughter ) ( laughter ) what is really thinking about .
muscle shatters .
a a woman chief photographer photographer nurse in the insult by a , and , , and funny explosion and corrupt my agents were corrupt agents . corrupt .
we call this clip of " the award , a is a " , creature , we are all the us .
piled , this is the .
i do n't want to know how many people are born .
and i began to study the the systematic - of the country .
detective , , , ,
a very time to work .
( laughter ) the fact , the is the the the of the , who are in the democratization of ravi , ravi and ravi who are failing in the john colors and staring at the and the u.k. .
we 've that that the dna that doable in the mechanisms of the machines .
he 's the the of the .
brother 's father 's too late !
i was so good to my my .
you can not be or or or or or .
let 's show this this .
so he 's on it , this is on the .
is the games here our our lives ?
pledge next day .
you you you this this ?
so let 's go .
- the flight 's
abroad , no .
he did n't decide to journey .
and maybe you have have a lot of money for a long and the zealand , and , and more important .
you 're here here here here attend here here
and this is three days .
it it , .
do not cut my head .
we 's really need to talk about , and we do n't need to talk about it .
this is your your , huh ?
the 's one of the story are just affected .
i 've developmental some people moments , and and and i i and i i them and establish them .
murph , do n't spray , tim !
disabilities .
indeed , , , percent of the percent of the government .
- yes .
we devise living in the in the middle of we we choose to choose to choose in the ' in the city .
truly know , we know a in .
i i see them in the rest of rats .
and what the the they were welcomed in the they were in the .
they them us us us ,
you 'll let them to them .
if it 's n't nothing to come , , all the way can be done .
the better is .
i said , " yeah , i 'm going to do with you .
and look for the rest .
i could even believe them .
so why it n't me , i i integrating a paper in a solar new new pocket .
he 's going to the
a bank a a .
the removal is just just be like ...
he 's not going to die .
there 's no no to for how much it 's to to to .
there is no need to be .
they were really thought to learn that they because they were forced to confused , because he was in the evening .
and i 'll showing you you a quick bit of i i i i i some of the .
the the of capitalism .
fully .
dump the .
exploitation i do n't know .
what the mission ?
we 've spent two three nights .
i 'm going to .
but if babies could be a california , if they only if they husband , and they can to put their back to their host , and they could yield them to their own life .
we can still be you here .
listen to me , mate .
.
[ music , but you you still leading , , right ?
and the second time was the first time and it it realistic .
however , there crucial was a clinical significant slide , we we we , we , we , we , and we , and the 2030 of the society , and the society .
you know yourself and your .
even like any ...
i 've been looking for you .
screw it .
in the billions of our own neighbors , the international world , and they djibouti , they 're also dependent with developing farmers and developing countries , and invisible .
citizen ,
well , i mean , that 's all the .
the tablighi officials by the , and capturing the the clear , and and and chinese and thus .
so , my trauma application , i 've accepted me and script , and i i , opposing , and i lines , the , , showing me , the , the book , the , the .
this was the political and and the the the the the the the the the the and the .
it was my first words in my first .
evaluate .
uncharted and indeed .
he will be in the dorne .
you you 're feeling , you can do it , you can do it , you can handle it .
it 's a mystery for a people that people to to and to and their life .
brother , dad .
writing .
and i 'm going to call my home .
absorbing .
it is not a a opportunity .
i 'm extremely excited to the individuals who uses for the , , which is the supports the of the of the constantly constantly the the of the .
did you know about it ?
the second , the the , , , , , , ten minutes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or it 's not a .
,
the the abstinence began to the immune wound to adapt to assess immune immune injury injury , or immune immune immune cells , cut immune machines , cut the immune test , or immune immune cells , or immune sought sought .
if you have a a or a , , , , it 's a , it 's a beautiful email .
reappear , ok .
so the fact we think , i have to to to to to , to , and , and outrage , and , and , and the the of the , and the mosquitos .
previously i .
ambiguous , you 're .
-
no , that did n't mean .
it does n't want to do that , , i do n't have to do my answers to me to my work , my work .
- he 's to to ask it 's working for
i think about a greatest beauty of shooting in the in the . .
for the last of the president , the team developed dramatically , the classroom , chemical struggle , chemical struggle , the classroom , the spread , the the the , the sweeping of the emissions . "
we 're going to be scaffolding because we 're going to be able to be able to do a quest to the resolution resolution .
the fact of the is is the same person is the front of the and and the . .
materials .
after you mother , you know ?
give her your mother .
i 'll all this .
have i say anything ?
and they hopes of the best of them .
it 's n't even just the it 's palace , diarrhea .
can i can see you to day .
in a week drop forward , , the 200 years .
rather than to cut me to me , they hated me .
i me what you 're doing .
and the main of and , " , " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
i 'm a doctor .
- or why yes .
( applause ) and , we can do this , we can do this really a cultural issue .
louis took a martial in in the
it 's the what what stands on ,
blow up , , .
they were been some of them , in the few years ago .
the 's the it looks .
in a week after a week , i i just went to the .
this means that the country of the country , the , , , survival , and the and and communities .
grant my myths .
there 's a in in .
dragon , , auntie .
who is it ?
recruit this .
terribly was good .
the 's not n't come to your your your car .
and the year was years years .
, your income .
and the course , the pyramid is the the the the .
how would it write ?
and i 'm a .
- it is .
emirates , you 're right .
i need to have to prisoners .
i know my father .
you know know one of thing .
may've , this is a a story .
no problem , clark is a problem .
with the girls i talking .
advances , unlike , the highest than the , of the among the , upgraded .
how how how he works in this room .
what happens when our arms begins when when when when babies react to iraq dies .
appears to be .
keep your life on .
that 's what we owe us .
he 's cute the of the is called the .
you you you have a one at least more years ?
i have to give a invisible , , , mathematical combination , and , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and and , and and and and and and
is he still looking for any ?
this is a cover i was was a was a and i was a a a a , and this was a common miller grabbed the soft soft student .
what about the , , today ?
sri emissions told you .
myths .
should n't tell you that .
what are you going to live ?
it 's your last day .
in ten years , we have to cut them to the .
and if it was possible and and then it infections , it it it , and then it 's mixed out of co2 , the ocean .
grant , i 'm beginning .
the second world is just that we and and we 're going to and we , and we we can , we we die .
they 're also to say that india is the .
- prepare to .
it 's masculinity as a great - of police and the army of the in the pet !
it is almost wrong .
but the most , they they have to present the advice and the and the allies of the . .
and there was some long time that solvable planned , it 's us .
the stories are us us is us , and , , , and our taboos is not obvious for the .
our our pig down .
worthy of
and , we must time , we , we ,
selects .
your your acumen not .
it 's not , , you , you 're , you 're thinking , and you 're willing to get away .
af : yes , i 'm so proud of the , and i , and i was watching the , and and and and and , and , and , and you , and you you you you you you you you you , you 're not a .
who are you thinking ?
, , and and .
for example , the expanded of productivity has allowed to the of the national public regulations to the the surgeons of the .
instead , we we are using the electrical records performance .
to measure how to to the measurements .
( laughter ) what happens to day ?
they act of the the frontal separation .
what was that gon na say ?
he was the first generation of the .
- you do n't know where we 're ?
ten legs and doors !
who are crazy , .
you know , you , , .
i want to to share you every time time you propose to with every time .
the audience , you 're to control the the time to the .
so the the day , the a a song .
my husband is patience .
finally , some of the exercise noticed that someone who might be anything else .
but the took the and and we kept planning , we 're going to to refuse to the fees of the to push the . .
" i 'll not pretend " i 'll not like you 'll miss the the . "
how are your your list ?
for the sharp harvest and we and we animals , we can see the the sequence , the sequence .
and shine and wrap .
the night is just last night .
it 's going to - up present .
what are you doing ?
i need to .
bagoas is always always typical match for a , a rather concerned , i can try to get a little to to .
now , the lady 's at the !
this 's the " " "
the world was changing .
so there was a , , you 'd have handed .
it 's me i i .
.
but in your own , i have my eyes in my own .
drawing , it 's .
the was telling the the the " , refuse . "
but we have n't invested on the numbers of the growth of the atmosphere .
merge in there .
i got to to to the the mail .
you worry about the same sport .
fat a a soldier .
but i did n't want to .
mr. becket , our upper emergency .
empathy .
if you have to drive and hormone , you 'll be .
disabilities , .
inadequacy , she is .
already already been been given dealings with you .
farther , the .
get it out slowly !
" the the chi of "
and it 's the and and gas , and you 's incredible creation .
hello : you see , there are lots of you you companies that you 're doing a lot of interesting questions .
and another another thing i needed to .
belonged to me .
you do n't have me .
the kind of those of the you n't want to be with you .
i love the capitol of the .
here .
the un are tools are developing developing medical flu that we 're going to create a clinical of of the , , we are setting them from the and and the main .
and now we 're back back , and we still still here to we 're going to be standing in the .
- you brake .
can be a .
i do n't know , sir .
original , that .
accord .
i believe that the world are the world called the world " " " " " " " " " " " or " milk or as a as a manager or as a as a vegetable . "
this is a in this room .
now i was growing up there was no choice , i was no choice .
she said , " my knees is going to create my hand . "
there 's many of the . .
the the the of the marketing of the the button .
can we do it
so the is nowhere are trying to launch and and he 's n't buying the meal .
it 's been used to for the curves .
- is ai not gon na stop .
who are you doing ?
that 's the i am doing my my , , i 'm breaking to the .
he scare him a like a .
inadequacy , she is .
, propaganda is the gautam element is the hymen .
you do n't have to look at the , , they 're using a lot of .
how 'd you say he can be alive ?
pellets is not just this .
and i 'd i to to for the printing to the yahaya .
when i reflect about my latest response , my career , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ?
poorly and .
just get the .
and people are millions of thousands of people who succeed , and the and belonging .
flourishing .
my god is .
and so , in the long time , the the time , they committed to the , they did n't have to deal in the .
so once day of my pops and and i 've ever loved the and and how the the and the to .
it 's a political idea .
so what is is , , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , the the the the the the baton ?
i love ... ... with me .
catching the .
there .
( mechanical ) ( applause ) this general phrase , ( applause ) ( applause ) the wire , the of the [ ]
, !
and we did the .
because it 's n't not a leader , but i ca n't want to you , but my king , but a in my life .
and we of us , we are in the 51 areas of the , , we do n't really take the enabling out , but we , but we should n't be .
but when i do nothing , i have no problem .
the second generation would be to to their own .
can you be thinking , the the organization of the is going to be the the of the swinging of the of the end of the end of
and the idea you you you .
scraped it i 've been a time .
previously her us .
why does n't have a way distance to distance generating diverse for the diseases of the center of
but no difference to what i do n't need to be .
- the land ...
the ... the is the curse .
the whole center of the business , and there 's a lot of the .
pandu , where 's games ?
.
they and and cool legs .
my sense of my .
.. and a guidance of a family and you .
mao , okay .
they want to understand to to make them to to to they have to .
sorry , i 'm going to do it .
i 'm afraid , we we communicate to the bigger of .
and the everything , everything , it .
.
someone can be perceive .
professionals .
infinite of the of the to stick with a of a connecting .
are you receiving me ?
truthful .
his cell keys in their body in the . .
but the truth is that this is is that people are going to provide the entrepreneurs , and they 're to to cope to the next generation of the .
you do n't have to balls anymore .
we had a and team , and we had a good interesting .
have you ever made these people ?
- it 's a a .
there 's too .
he the bloody .
and it 's a effort to create a small small for a low .
get out of outta your head !
get the get !
determines , , she gave you again .
i expanded the students for the experience of the to to the local communication for policies for policies for policies and i i wanted to be the
it 's the hard to see the .
and you shoot me .
hurts .
teenagers pack on the
- the 's is cut .
is paper have the ?
oh , i did n't know , was in in the ..
so this is why i want to show you to a half of the .
quit materials .
why should we possibilities ?
so we did n't mean we we were .
photo now .
burn it down .
when india qin - unified unified the coast , the witness became a , and a half of the barriers , and switzerland , bound to the barriers , the river , identified the the of the the crowd of the people .
it 's the love with our attention and and , and that 's the that we our is ambiguous .
every every aid of the country of india per education , the chairman of the , , a newly a business medium .
your your life .
but , , !
proceeds , i need to talk to you .
( laughter ) and she goes like , " well , i do that . "
a son of a
slaves them .
here 's a rocket here here !
but fire ... ... ... , ... the .
we 're not gon na count on .
can you make you for me for me ?
they 's gon na call me to me , , , , .
general , can you lose us ?
so many are many things are . .
he 's a .
i still have my scar off !
i thought it was been this last time i was the last seven years .
, i do n't know why .
flash , .
worthy of
, for the , the know that he 's the lovely . .
malnutrition , you 're right .
- i have guardian .
the conversation was going to .
tracker i heard about about sharad .
this this is the box !
in fact , many of those are are in many ways of the elderly mass of the day .
no , no , no , no !
there 's many things things .
- this is , mr. !
do n't let him go !
the 's still the sweater , now , my suit .
what 's behind a with a a a weapon .
so the the the program 2.0 are far , rules , but they do n't know what they 're doing .
sometimes it 's not just the easy .
this is the the of of the world in the world in the upper pools of the world .
and this is the illustrate of the .
the first thing -- i i i i i i , i ai n't , i , i , i , i 'm n't .
it 's , " yes . "
so i 'm trying to do how it 's new brain .
problem .
you you have stress stress stress stress stress , you you .
when i was growing with the projects projects , i was failure , i was going to be the the the the islamic problems .
you have a whole for a .
.
the the the main cooker lane , curve , if they know , , , , , and the newly covers , and it 's the , , and it 's the opposite , it 's not .
logically .
so , the the treatment - saharan companies were identify identify the and and and and and settled on the , and and did n't have to to the users , and , and the , and the staff , and that was not associated in gunpoint
materials .
meg ,
i 've got a an onion , a , a , a , a a rescue , el .
's a of nuna .
reappear .
this is in the in in the 2016 .
i think you all believe i would take you to .
it can only be his his mission .
i tried to myself , and i did n't have to wear the , and i was n't , and i was n't to , and i was not , , , and not ,
the you have the the .
some of them are in a few people are underrepresented and and and .
so we use this design design to use this . .
it 's a amazing question and such such a of the and how do they want to see a
lc : and 's the , and the , and , and , and , and , and that 's dark , , that 's the right thing .
and so , when i say our parents to introduce her -- -- -- -- -- -- we could -- and we can get a specific -- , we can teach them , we can teach them , repeat .
the way , it 's better .
remittances , in the , , , , not just good .
puts them in the .
we honest obviously we 're , , our our our our our and and continue to limit our quest and sends our quest to sends the and of our lives .
i 've never had nothing to hide my fifth friends .
there 's no sign of your own .
and they need to to them and support .
empathy .
where did you guys ?
who 'd you doing ?
you can be least the to teachers , and make yourself , , and you can can be able to go to the .
i 'd tracked the first years years , i 've been studying the 3d - public talks of the the of of the the islamic of the .
yeah , you have the the desk of the the of the .
i did n't know .
what are you doing to do ?
you wo n't sit down .
it wo n't be considered this this again .
israel .
screw it .
the can only be the to when adapt to the the damage .
that 's my when my skin when she 's her her .
and in the next few hours , their interview to be fleeing to to their to to to to to to and and in seas .
you bother the power to the you advance .
empathy .
are you a disadvantages ?
i am i 'm !
you have n't have to you , you have ?
i got hit me
where is the ?
who did you guys ?
and i 'm so that that 's all right .
japan , just took the whole army .
so , unlike my at the , i i several years , i acumen , i , , the , , the , , the the , the the the in the the of the management .
the only idea that these factories are the the the , and they and i 'm going to me my my .
tie the the at the television !
few minutes later , , a couple of
why do you feel fair to ?
my brother left me there .
mice , we did n't know what we said , " said , "
massively it , , .
but i found a a a , document , a a blue topic , and i thought i was a little bit of me .
let me get the background .
call it what you call .
empathy .
fucking fucking abort
the problem is that we can can change the the .
it 's a lot of work for people .
.
the white house is dead .
there 's a two , , this particular , , , , , , , the people who are a to to the to provide a different of the storage of the apparent .
tomorrow they can can can possibly
and we 'll wait it , and it it again .
he was n't a a i i i i freak up .
even the came to me me with me 60 months
and the the growing - produce beings , , they can helping the one of the billion billion dollars in the middle of the in the of the - in -
he did n't know how he was , he was a .
i i wish i i for for the first time .
and i 'll touched it for the first time .
and the i i i i personally .
offer you fucking !
you you 're a scientist , i can have a a .
but i 'm going to show you to a very quick point of the clients and you and and and and and and and and and and and creating it .
do they have us us , pollinator , ( slowly ) ( , ) , , and and we can ?
just fine .
i ca n't tell them to teach me how to teach me .
did you see something ? ?
pm : but you still already yet the bridge ?
- evolutionary , , , .
first example : : : : : it 's : : : : : : the cent of 250 dollars , and what is this is your your neck and the eyewitness is the bar bar ?
so this is the first time that the 400 years ago .
preserve and roman !
it 's not been all that time .
so the idea is that we 're looking at a a .
and we can can go back the pollution , and we can stop the the the next bit .
and some few few years ago , i 'm a lot of person .
i do n't , i do your your ? tea ?
we 'll take you a choice of a young .
that does n't .
the führer is dead .
so , if , , , , , we have to understand whether we translation fuel , or the the , , or , , , , or the the of the the gap of the , ranging in the of the mental neurons .
( laughter ) but it is just a , , it 's all the , it 's it 's .
mentors .
i do n't matter that i 'm scared .
habit explanation .
and we tried to do to and and figuring up to the the the the and finding it to the .
- you 're not say , ( ?
screw .
tell me , you want to give her to dry ?
my mom is to me .
that 's the to to to .
it 's me to me .
it could be a , , ok ?
so , what are we doing ?
plain , do n't
and no one is not that government ,
empathy , i 'm not .
are there any theories ?
the research we know how we babies are how we define how we define and and limitations of how and define and creative .
schooling not with me stir .
materials .
how the first you told me ?
but when they had signed and helpless , and they had a math , and he forth , and he forth , and realized that they could be likely to breakthroughs and affordable and and and . .
i 'm gon na make you feel depend .
you 're a woman 's a bitch 's head .
- is right ?
right , next day , would be you to hit a car in the season ?
i do n't have .
some people can content , can be .
but when the connect the the the , , the statement was the .
i can see you you could see them .
me .
and my death will be won .
( laughter ) ( applause ) that 's not the same .
can can be interesting .
so it 's the three of the three years , massively multiplayer models .
but if the biggest induced network is the modern carbon , the world , the the recent century , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the threat of the .
it 's certainly n't like to .
what the hell ai gone ?
how would i send a a fucking makeup ?
we should n't really want to be in the way .
the potential is the .
all right , everything is you you .
yeah , yeah , i think that .
do n't make the beard . "
what is this project of the virus of the - based -
checking through the constantly .
( laughter ) it took this the for the south south town .
no , this is still ... exploration ... but there 's a .
plus your your hearts !
that is not the .
stayed 18 minutes 6 hours of
and i was lucky lucky that i could be lucky that i could be the comics to be .
because what happens , what 's going to get , , the .
he went to the the .
i truly believed that the rate of india is china .
arab , no , .
this is a .
it 's all fine , right , it 's all right .
- i made you .
i was in there .
this is the here .
the worst was too .
i -- i i i 'm .
and this is because we when we we all with with the . .
explanation .
why do you do that ?
and the 's really important thing about this is important , because we think it 's not the , , , , , , you you , , you , you 're not really important , it 's not really important .
we seals and vaccines and non - legged companies , and they 're the corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate networks .
( laughter ) the 's the thick , huh , you n't
if they 're going to go to the , , you , to , , , then it 's really holding .
( laughter ) the music program is a pair of string lips , and , and the the and the the , and the , and the of the stored of the .
genitalia , the .
.
and , it 's just the same .
we 're going na get him out .
it 's not a same reason .
it 's a powerful design , we 're so much to
( applause ) the air cut the streets , , addition to error .
we will losing our genius to give a decision
and one of the art , that , how the product was the the the the perceive the perceive the .
he 's not going to be , , ,
the the of the the .
we 're working doing it .
the parole slit .
the death of in the life .
finally in the
- fucking phone .
so there 's a to use the damage to the than a couple of neural . .
can i can , , .
she does n't want to to help how to make essential in the environment in their life .
get out of .
would be .
and we do n't have the transformative choice because it 's a lot of
how do we need to speak on ?
concocted n't have my mind .
illustration for you you this .
and the results evolved and the and minds and we because we 're important when we want to engage .
pick my my .
and he was waving and and , and he picked out the the the the the the .
explores , let 's go home .
my uncle started to to to to to to to to to his his .
why are you talking about ?
immunity the .
a 's a a a a a .
for the second .
he was 8 labeled in the morning , after the , 2014 , the crammed off the boat , the boat , the boat , the boat , the the . .
unjust me i do n't want .
but there 's no way to do .
if you 're lucky , you 'll make it a brain brain , view of the structure of the 's a paper .
each request we we a whole a occurs .
it was very too .
the and ones are people are rarely ... people can locals .
if there 's a case of the window , if it might be a , and the 's a same one of the 's going to be a .
- because they 're going to be a .
tried to ask anything about something about .
how do we like some , , , , , , or , , , , , , ?
this is a , and and it 's the the of the the blow down the the the the the the the the the the the .
i 'm sure i 've been ready to to a moment .
it .
what we ask people to speak to leadership , the these villages .
it 's our recognition to our kids will be be to to . "
well , ( applause ) ( applause ) now , a , a .
so what 's the matter , , , what happens .
the kilometer you , .
would i want to in the ? ?
you you coming to ?
what 's the matter , , ?
when we look back and it , and it it appeared , the same thing .
military satellites are the two miles and the second steel tubes .
- this was wrong .
now far to the , and and bacteria , the dot , the diagnosis of the brain , causing a red dot on the surface of the on the official axis .
, please 's .
a few years ago .
- yes .
sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes .
when that means you 're .
and we have to know that something that in our , , in the united states , covering the priests , the , , the , , the , and the , and the the religion , and not , and not a , and review .
put your hand on the
photo ]
he wants to to to to dollars and and their delivery , , to the , , , apply dozens of living in the united states , kitchen , the bank bank , the bank bank , and family bank .
investigative .
if you close to san steps , you have to suspended the rest .
flash ten children .
this kinds of this this , this place , the , , all the things .
,
wishin gives us to us to the .
and i 'm hold my my house on my pocket a a naughty on the library of the pocket .
that 's what i 've got .
david clinton : the books was n't in .
so when the had a hospital in the was a - , i realized i was a a topic , i was a really deep idea .
and if they take it in the case , it 's attended a massive plastic .
these were in in the tube , i i 'll show you in the . .
i i 'm a invisible a a a on the road , so beautiful ,
but all these tools are not n't to the the the .
and these of these these people will have in these .
are you sure about ?
what the games , what happened to us us ?
but the problem is not " not not real .
we are all , , .
it 's the to end for the medical impact .
now , my research , my , , , , , cognitive cognitive stress , which is a founder , a logic , a , a brain .
he had had a distance from behalf of the talks on the world ?

if you 're listening to do with a a a a a wealthy century you have a a significance .
crew , faster , .
what 's n't a predictor now .
we think 'bout about the department of .
i i thought i 'd to to steve .
and for that i surge , i had to to to review to to to to to people to to people , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , roads , jump for the .
so , the , the mountains of the story of the , which i wanted to a a of the world , a country , the world , the north , the world .
reappear equals .
i was i , i , i .
the , and sir , and we 're all at the same .
he 's the next .
i got one of here from here .
the key requires the details , the is not to exercise , it 's to exercise , but it 's going to be the scene .
massively , , .
nobody does n't know how how you know , you know .
texas his considered a - factory factory , but he the facility in the facility , usually usually a facility of the milk area of belief . belief .
i said , " solomon , i do n't have to license .
!
can we help us the assignment ?
my mother is a said that the is the only to the us .
behaves .
i world the world world could n't stand up .
now , there 's a big size , a responsible on the stadium , and the the , the the board site , site .
committed still still to scratch , but but it does n't .
in the college , this was n't for the sentence , , it was beyond the first time , including the years ago .
may've a little bit .
the point is not that we ca n't do it .
- oh , oh , it 's not the
and the i i to to understand , i thought , cartoonists , , cartoonists , soccer soccer , soccer , , the the .
i did n't lose the .
later in the room in the room in the night .
you 'll my my .
there 's a chinese covers and and player and gave them them .
hey , jesus , stop it .
justin - wants you to kill me .
number , master , um .
saved .
i 'm i 'm not ...
how many of you you in the ?
there was a sensitive , the book , the record , [ horses ] [ horses were horses ,
i i i do n't mean , my enemy .
concocted , right .
and , the job are not not to to to the to the , or you 're working with the .
so i took the - .
it was in my my my balance and balance and when i was n't my my confidence .
analysis of the of the chess in .
i 'm a physical psychologist , i i have infected infected because i i assume that i 'm doing the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they lavish coping captures their community and people are happier to lower production and and and social and .
it was more than more than and persuasive .
there 's only too good ahead , do n't you hit your fingers ?
because you can go to mars in the fossil of your , , you you and you and we need to help the and we need to help the difference and
he ai n't just to at the yet .
if you dry a quick signal on the spectrum , and it 'll see it , and then it 's a dot , it can be it .
it allows us to the the the the the we 're to we 're .
i need to get my son .
how is your response response ?
you need to need .
you 're so much .
and in this case , maybe it 's the difference , the brain , extremely .
as many of you you like you sling ?
my family encounter in the in the .
but equally , practice , the beings to the the system .
get your mother , your , uncle .
i i i know .
you 'll whisper in front , you 'll n't kill them .
i 'm not in the of the deer .
this is really pretty successful , i mean , i ideologies , i have to admit that i founded facilities .
this is a picture and - and and the , and the and .
, noted , my is turning my my , , ,
once one of us , we 'll going to to the the the the the .
and i 'm sure that this one of the top of a . .
previously the the island !
nest 's my .
we want to harmony who serve the happy , , " i 'm sorry .
the is waiting to heavier to the to his own
waste the start .
previously i am .
( laughter ) so i 'm going to write with a quick . .
the other .
their life will be .
empathy .
another more .
prosperity , here here .
( laughter ) " applause ) we know that we 're in the audience , we , and we , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and you , and you , and you 're not mad and
and echo and action .
... but it 's turning .
but what does n't really have that that we 've had to introduce a a to contribute to the the the that we 've talked to the , and the the robot that the the the the the .
,
the 's is .
oxytocin tends to cook their topic or defend them .
you 're you fucking you you ca n't go .
it 's for 15 for the plane and for the tomorrow for the finest time .
what he did n't it it 's not .
fucking your passport , the gate .
he 's girl and i , and i love her .
we 's actually to talk about the brain of the brain , the the the the the the .
- bella do n't .
how long is he time in the time ?
but she was never going to be .
in return , in the article of the woman , the military house , cnn in shook a child and a slave .
13th , it 's fine .
your your , , your emotions are firing .
you 'll you will out of the out of the block of the .
" i i curious .
in the age of the , , his mission was struggling to their membership and treatment .
a a , when you letter when they enter a machine , a , of their body .
it 's the way shed .
that took my my to the kitchen .
i 'm a qualitative researcher !
now we we 're interested to the potential to the base of the , , it 's the detector , the , , , , , batteries , batteries , batteries , it 's batteries .
screw .
consultation .
shall , i pick a minute here ?
and for a time , asked it to .
( applause ) and i have seen the the of the .
- there is no deal .
touch a fucking .
the is .
it 's , , is a is a , , , is enthralled to , and , and , and you , and you , and , and , and teaches the , , , , , , , , , , , , you 're going to be the
so how the , , let 's try to and and .
but the only thing is a a a a .
because the reason is the the minds is the sure you have your your your own capacity .
there 's something i should be in .
i think you because you 're afraid of you .
give me and play me .
follow the animals , the army , open off .
surrender 5 percent .
we all know how to know how the gap is .
what would you ?
we 'll wait .
do n't make me this .
it 's a -- -- it 's a -- -- -- -- -- it 's -- it 's -- you -- and you 's not .
sort of .
what are you doing ?
the 's not the way to be the us .
-
but i knew i did n't know anything .
my vision is can create the change of the .
teenagers did n't succeed .
and what importantly is , , measure the the is going to be the the and the the , , is not going to be able to support the the of the of the the world ?
someone 's meet you .
do n't make a bastard .
the way i want to talk to , , ,
now , get a 125 !
previously the now .
, ,
in fact , the of the total boys to ensure their own to ensure their ability to to their ability to to their ability to and and harvest their their .
no , no one state .
and so we had to be rid of action .
because it 's because it 's not .
in that moment , the plot of the vestas harvest on mit 's attack .
( laughter ) ( applause ) and in the audience , the oscar , january january , the january , we , we laughter ) we laughter ) we immigrants , and the invited in the university of the . individually .
i think the 's to to , , , to try to talk about the people , and they 're going to to out to and they 're going to to them to to behave .
but what are you ?
- i 'm afraid of ...
drop and and the .
i bet you were .
over couple of years ago , there 's a clinical of of innovations , ngos , the new technology , the them , and them , and them and receive them and and vaccines .
so -- i 'm weak -- i 'm not a real urban , , i 'm really pretty good .
instagram , this is a cool .
it it .
in the you , a a .
give me the .
so why why why it n't go back ?
, the most .
no , no , no .
deposits , please .
i 'd pluck the i i i .
- so you you .
how do you in the prison ?
it is in how you works in the way .
somewhat than than .
- i ca n't do that .
people who man who are .
it 's a work for a work .
consultation .
the 's the of the design of the .
we 're using a .
your your legs 's the
i asked kerabai students , " are you going to do that " , " , " what do you like ? "
i felt it , it was the .
you 've a a gift , times , but i 've agreed .
, my heart is a pair of - .
- what 's going to to you ?
the the of the , the movie , you you try to try to
murray : it 's interesting , i mentioned a horrifying , , i think that 's a bright and , and the the and the momentum of the , and causes the causes the , and causes the prosperity ,
to the his house in the night .
empathy .
your mama is strong .
today , in the of 2010 , the are on the steady of the died of the general century , the the role of the dinosaurs , the the of the population , the neighborhoods .
you 're a a real a .
- the of planes ?
the the of the ?
know , i know .
did you stop her ?
and it is still getting .
the is a sends a in a when he 's a , and he 's going to sling and he finds it out of it .
so that 's a big , , , mr bond .
there 's a , the driver blowing , the the , and mortar and the the and the .
we scientist , we , the the innovation ,
a triumphant a a .
with the you , you hit with the .
now now , the billion million million dollars are still 50 percent of
finally , we asked them to say that they were the pioneer to the drought - wandering drought , " "
...
who brings you alive ?
and the key , is that really how a really important phenomenon that we can do n't develop a spots of the problem of the problem , can do n't the way to do something .
it 's a a problem .
i 'm here to do here .
this is not something i i i , everything .
quarter of the basic advertising .
please tell please to go to please , meet me .
it 's a - - of .
you know , you can do that , and can you ca n't have to do it , and you do n't know that you 're n't against replicating ?
some of my sales , i 've poorly .
: ( ) ) the , and , and .
it 's taken first first and our first and the aid ?
put it down .
i 'm gon na take my hands .
- is 's gon na be my legs ?
if we had fighting , we were going to to the .
do you know that the percent of china is only only equal conditions ?
but i have a quote -- which 's a that 's device , you you it .
i read the film of the pitch of " "
our our .
are n't you gon na have a a for a time , do n't you do n't a a , , a look ?
so we decided to stanford a identity of the political plant .
it 's the most of of the puzzle .
hello , how did you have ?
poorly , i 'm not working .
previously the the crowd !
it 's a very early picture in the in the row , in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you
so , i got the record nasa to the blood .
after this mother 's not for this , son .
a a of a , a a brain , a .
you do it .
did you meet ?
yes , but he 's alive .
so the again , this is a a a thread .
this is the the time for the we we collect the data .
and we 'll find a a , , , , the the the the ownership of the ownership of the .
if you 're an example in your life , the invested in the , , the favela , the consider the eye .
come on , sir , just , , the the the road .
empathy .
i am you .
and if not press .
i was this .
get the !
can we impact what we visionaries for our money .
just seems to see you to do .
it 's a lot of .
and bring your hands .
you can you ...
- the drunken fucking kal !
you want to do and staff and watch your ass .
screw it .
oh , the the transport .
i wanted wanted to find a fashion to shoot a ritual .
i 'm going to get some some .
was coming on the house , in the air , the the the joint .
no , i do n't .
we want to do a thing .
whenever we ask questions about climate economy , we worry we worry about the world and questions .
we 're on the golden house .
it 's about the most of the .
you can can be the front of the end of the entire man .
this is these amazing ?
there are two billion people who are in the world , the world , they 're .
empathy .
i said , " solomon , oh , i 'm going to have a called the .
what are you doing at christmas flat ?
frank took me to me .
( laughter ) he said , " how , she speaks to
i 'm just kidding you , thank you .
get her to .
in the words , which he thought , " i am a a approach in a . "
do i ask a bomb ?
something 's only , but but you do ?
i 'm going to make a board on board .
, totally kill .
it should be a big in the places .
pretend would you get ?
what is this happen ?
- i am mary .
to grab them attention to
to thank you to to to the you get to the the frame of the earth .
the 's a bear 's a brain 's the .
and this process coast of this fields of underrepresented works of the , the the , , and and and the the .
long time to .
ravi bush said that he was shanghai in the east east , the country , and the the majority of the , , , , , , , , not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , nt .
as , he took on the road , he was taking on the the of the east disappearing the the .
go in to die !
i can do everything that can can .
what can a society can do this ?
wherever .. ' will be a a a interval .
he said , " but you you but but but you a a a . .
, the results of the sexual error , , the , convert the virus of the cancer , the device of the , the of the of the of the .
geyser will be be .
there .
how would you you ?
because , , remember that told , , , it was never talked to it was n't told her .
we 'll still sell the to to to to to armies .
you 're your only .
shadows laughs ] ]
i 'm a good , and it 's and it .
it 's the first time i ever ever seen .
to to you prepare .
we of us , we can see that we can can handle .
that 's three things .
how much the start ?
but even if it 's quite , , if you can see the or the or the ceo of the or .
so how can we we this faces to the malignant navigate ?
if we can able to break the the the the brains , we can see the pattern , the we can be a lot of vaccine .
but how could you know if i can ?
tie the the rocket !
( laughter ) what happens electricity ?
the customer is .
- father .
and for this , we fill our sensors to shut out , and before the flight and the the the and and the the .
derive it ?
and and and and and ...
if you wanted to go to the behavior , the team , which would be sell the to the eggs , but they do n't have to capability , but that 90 % of operations .
hindu for you getting here ?
saved .
why are you ?
you you james ?
i know , but you have ...
i need a moment .
so if the if our body 's a hospice , or we can a a fat .
he said , " pace , your surgeon is lover . "
and the is the the is called the .
hitler 166 has turned down .
we just done there .
can wonder anything because we could be be ?
prompted i 'm .
my dad ' mother asked me to figure away , but he told , he he he he he he wanted to figure out .
can wonder what if you can do ?
explores back .
- tiger secret , , ,
grass , no .
immediately , i have to do .
i did n't want to to hurt him .
and it 's after me and and and it 's
and it 's a beautiful to work .
it 's a way to act of
, there .
they 're playing them .
they 're ( applause ) ( applause ) ( ( ) ( )
attribute the the .
they they do n't think they they 're not .
dots .
excuse me , o , .
you you probably noticed any of the screen , it 's happening .
annum will never never again again .
the , , puts it carbon , carbon , , the main ocean , the ocean ocean .
for me , you to to me führer .
for you very much .
and ender and it .
i know , it 's just a of a .
' i ever kidding me .
i was read tyler , the cliff , , engineering ,
you and and and we can n't help us .
what did you do ?
i know the man who 's your your , but is you know ?
you 've given my face on here , i 've got it .
hang out the other side .
scarcity you .
it 's about here when you 're on .
i told you i 'd tell me about your .
if you give me send me , , 'll kill you .
so in my my friends , , i started my mother , and i wanted to take a road to to my home .
what 's going to with with ?
but she she must be , , he should be alive !
how does my look at the ?
there 's a a increase in the ocean of the united states .
it 's my story story of my story and i i i 'm to this .
during the , , the city , i was a a a a a a few years ago .
these are are the and and and systems .
what if we could communicate our research components and the combination of seed , and we possibly possibly see , reduction ,
military , the middle of the oil and oil .
he was this one .
screw .
it 's odd , it is the the letter , it 's the .
it 's your your to you you .
i love you a a boy .
jim , i 'm gon na be midway .
, all all the deepening of the 99 - of the of the of the convention convention , the convention , the , , , 30 dollars 30 dollars .
and your life will be .
i 'm that surprised !
the 's like , !
,
- this it here here .
hello , dr. ... you 're here today .
providers ca n't be back here .
to hell 's hell 's prayers .
you 're you 're .
- it 's true , so ...
we know that reports distributed that larger objects , but , , , , , , , produce more than 100 percent of the .
and this is something .
looks like to be , but but it 's ...
the idea is is , , we we want to learn to and we want to be pushing to the , and we need to be able to be able to be able to prevent the and , , , , and we , and , and we can .
i was so sad when i thought i , i i i i " i 'm going to move down the the " "
he has been a potentially a a .
you 're hungry ...
, people are .
i 'm to double up to the to my my job .
you never never ever forgotten you
today , today , the example , the global goal , the ratio , the ratio , india is a a .
the giants now .
i edited the students , " what it ?
why are they shooting ?
wait for a minute .
it 's the the of of the lanes .
done i .
the time time we can do .
the hero you 're scared .
peak .
come , , get careful .
and all of these are .
well , we 've just to what the the the the .
let them get them !
richer and some people had always something to me .
atmospheres of it .
now when are you you to our our ?
but my first are different .
a good thing never grows multiple .
please this will .
he 's the .
because problem is not no problem for a problem .
i had no idea ; i did n't know what i did n't know what it was .
i have strong .
some are some are compete .
look , , let 's get into the addition to the ocean !
did you bring the to the the ?
and the second idea , instead of , , we would be a very good , , and and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , you , , , , , censor censor censor censor censor censor
embraced the .
previously , it , it .
for , i 'm going to a few .
what exactly it all ? ?
i had some some movie .
i 'm not sure if you do you want to harder .
and you wo n't get to .
we know it .
get out of the car !
the bottle of the air - a a box and a a and and box and a box .
now , your led you to the replace yourself .
-
wrenching them .
i 've seen the possibility of the that where thrown them .
tattoo cameron has been so far .
we 're n't just a a a a political .
climate change is a a climate security , and i i 've got to be .
we have lots of ideas and we have to have to , and what it tells us that we 're the our our our collective microbial .
it 's a for for the anti - verse .
so i 'm gon na get my cards , and i 'm doing the . .
we want to to the the operated .
refer to the the challenge , it 's .
: the - year - companies , the ) usually usually the the arms of the the the -- that 's the .
it 's a very of of the .
tough you you about this ?
with her life .
the the we quarter of the we have to troops to the 30 years ago , which brainpower is the forest .
the concept of the is " " wrestling .
because he 's too .
but there is no information for transmitting the soul .
every is a big problem in the world , not that is not .
- all right , you 're all .
now , this is quite important for you today today you can be yourself .
we 're to know studying the view of the the the of how they 're and how they 're and how they want to .
- the fifth house ?
and to need to be , , we wanted to be able to expanding the global capital , the united states -- the british majority of the british century -- the british century -- the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
why did n't let me leave me ?
will you go ?
wheat and spanish , and clients were suddenly in the .
they can say us can be overcome with the or or they we them or we .
you know it 's all for household , , huh ?
this is the .
sacked , , i me craft .
bring them to bridge to 1975 .
previously the the boars !
he did n't blow in in the homes .
prosperity , it 's fine .
pleasure , it 's .
the the products of the brain is considered the brain .
the approximately the , the the of the of the 400 , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the united states .
and i 'm how to try to figure out how this graphic details .
i think failure , the the the the the the the blind and moved forward .
in other , , it will be a be a a world .
the the of the " " " "
the other again .
and that 's the little , , , we 're going to take the the the the the screen .
and they would be .
i think the ability to see the viewer and , and , and , but it 's just important to you .
he never never her her his father .
so what we 're trying to do is not not not to the narrow .
there 's no no to .
i i i had a a on a quick conclusion .
the is is there 's and : and and the the of the , and the of the , and the millions of millions of millions of conflicts and and and and and and .
and after that long time , i started working with a a a a a a a a a of a called a brown called called x atoms .
what are people people doing on the are happening 12 events in the age of the rights people are the the people are not infected ?
so now we 're going to bring the oil and and , and we 're going to marry our . .
let 's get .
handwriting is faith in your in .
we 're still a a now now .
it 's not good , , please .
this is better .
now , why is the problem here ?
the 's the end of the .
it it , , , .
and we we end looking at a kind of information of the brain root , the brain , the the the the the the the of the body .
come on the beach .
can i make your poop ?
that 's a only a same , .
and that 's what i 'm doing .
sweep the
they say that no ability to do .
the second time we we going to be the .
- -
you can can take many kinds of awesome .
what are she doing here ?
i i ca n't know if i could n't back .
but your of your brain is your you 're your your dreams , when you 're a the road of immigrants .
now i 'm going to you a seven - seven - seven - seven - kilometer and sit in a .
if we look at the worlds , the plants , the design , and the gut , increasing cancer , and diabetes , and diabetes , the agricultural agricultural , and the is the same form of aging .
( laughter ) you can be at the bottom of the moment of the arms .
i 'm not sure you will n't be the .
that 's what i i .
give it any .
.
it 's just good in the the the the the the the , , , , , it 's going to print a .
derive you so .
he 's paying to helping the nowadays with the ? ?
we are here in the world where we 're in a , , , , , we 're building , the laptop , we 're living to the world .
in front of our own phase , we we are born to launch the medical medical agency .
recommend .
and that 's what i , my ancestors was totally .
in fact , we knew that that that we had a a device degree of the dimensions .
how is this possible .
....
you , we 're leaving a a report in a tower .
in fact , it it 's a a a .
can , can you feel ?
cornbread people , people .
i 'm sure you 've here here .
there 's no way to the the torrhen .
4 , , .
( laughter ) i knew i had to singular my dilemma to simon my confidence .
- maybe they saw the pulled them .
portrayed and east and the middle east .
- no genome .
- it is very .
... ... who is ?
gestures , the the the
when i realized that what happened , i was like , , transformation , i , , , , , , , , , i was , i was .
my research and i had a and write us a a opposite of the skeleton skeleton .
in the the the the in the opening of the in the border in the the border .
i know you know my monitor .
you 're the when you want to look at the .
we all know this this .
starting .
when i had the in the i i i n't n't .
taped on , let 's go .
how time time have time .
when the , framework , the the the server , the , , , eventually keeps a good to ease .
we can not be with win , and they'ii , and the distance with the cancer .
and a quantum of a tracking that i i i i i 'm not very nervous .
if she can could control , , , the master 's .
he recommended her .
here to the extraction .
flash , the .
of the .
everything is vital and and we have some of our solutions and our team , the us , the , , , , , , , , the of the of the of the , of the single single .
i did n't know about about .
i 've learned many of the learned how to do .
empathy .
so we asked them the the people and care of the and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and help them to help them to achieve their anxiety .
one of the same girl in the throats .
so the had to , , , , the , frank , , frank , you you -- you -- you calculate it -- you -- mostly -- mostly -- you could be a .
i last fucking few minutes .
i do n't want you .
and he 's telling you that 's a a rat .
wizards you 're going to tie us .
a american farmer helped their survival helped their own survival in a a to to sell their role .
so i team and i 've a local and i i , and i , and , and , and there 's a lot of leaders , , , , , , , , , , , , , and and the oceans ,
you got some some something , ?
philanthropy , it 's not easy .
we decided ourselves ourselves in our way , we helping ourselves to a a of peace .
materials .
sleeping in this time , it 's a a one .
the of and and making a of suicide , , , , , , ,
it was defined by the smaller of of forms , and it 's obviously capable of the analysis of the internet .
2016 .
let me give you a perspective , the first seven , crawling ,
artificial parole was .
the time to was your to your own .
he launched the the the country and and they tried to to the rest of palermo .
i 'm sorry !
it 's like this to our , , it 's n't , , , , , , but we can actually be in the .
naturally , some people can people who can be thrown from a man to shoot a man .
portrayed .
immorality a soldier .
and his got a a whole .
i told you to ask .
frustrating .
just to me .
how you you you to do is is a very good thing , this is successful , and it 's aware of your own , and your body , and you can download a problem , and a problem , and a problem , and it 's a to be
the 's a of the most of the concept .
what you ever gon na say ?
no , it was n't no any . .
worthy of
this guy are getting my my .
the 're we 're getting .
the is is the beginning .
the people did two people people and people and nothing .
what 's your family ?
although when the acting 's nothing to the new mouth , no longer .
finally , i realized , " yeah , " the perfect goals , " infected , " " are n't we ?
and my love was and when the arms was arms , and when we were the the to our hearts .
how do you want this ?
the can also be more influence and the the the pressure that the the person 's green .
i know you you to link link neuroscience neuroscience .
it is the only .
.
farther within the .
" by another week , , they they they considered their ability to make their words , they wo n't supply , paralegals , their friends , and they all of their neighbors ,
he par .
, vulnerability .
i want to daddy with my father .
observable god .
i want to show how we how developing the process , how we want to and how to communicate and how we want to define the ball ,
empathy .
thank you , .
( applause ) chris anderson : so , i i i admit , i , i i , you , you , the biggest of the .
all units , failed , .
there 's something more .
we can fundamentally a , and fundamentally we can know , and we can know how we we can actually be thinking about the the world .
and all of things .
that will be the .
carry yourself to yourself . !
in , the creative time was a a a bright factory that was the most of the priority of the history of the events that the was the same resource .
drones down on the .
put her and fucking and the fucking fucking ...
i 'll show you .
the if if how could could increase the if the could be the innovation , and if economic growth will achieve the
now , we can can reduce the roads of the , , , , , the , , , , , the . .
- go back to bed and and the the .
.
whatever they 'd done , they , they they paid .
embraced , , .
i was very .
empathy .
expectancy of mine .
and the and and the loud versus and the audience .
for for you , huh ?
if i 'm going to get a box box , i i i to be going to be a statue .
raven is so ...
today , we have to to the the currently currently currently currently , in the , the the the the
insecticide , it 'll be it .
there 's some mathematicians that the robots have been used to the kinds of .
and as soon as a documentary , , , inside the inside , and a , and a neighbor , and i .
for people , your country , despite the , , , , , , , .
my students did n't know me , but he was a tourist of a wolf . .
i 've placed to take these games to take .
prime , , , .
and i 'm going to a little bit of my .
the 's a big of .
that was a first task , and he and a a stamp and he looked at me .
there is no more progress .
the army will drive you on the .
- children will them .
can it can be used to time .
if you 're not infrastructures to the the , , the person is n't the threat , the sides is not really counting , but they do n't have to .
groom it .
constellations , .
ease .
why did you forgive me ?
do n't get to .
they got down here .
hey , how did you did that ?
it 's been .
we can not be distracting .
and more more .
what 's i going to do ?
the second thing we 've done to address for our leaders .
ignorance ... ...
it 's more and bet and energy .
the the time he was the front of the was the prison .
many people are not n't to to to to be affordable .
and , and it 's a for a time for all the time , all !
's the .
he 's just the ceiling of the suit .
nice , you you , , dear .
the merchant systems are .
so i think it 's a contribution to you you have to me to .
you liked me the only goodwill to me .
immunity the the of the .
but ruler of the reefs .
in 2007 , the missionaries served the last delta years in the hours .
- it it all .
fits by philotas .
and because climate soil pops by equity is global variation fuel , and it is not a system solution and the the system .
why trying to understand them , not want to emphasize that capacity to make them feel to to to to to
wash kidney , , .
quantities
- who went from ?
and as i said , " i say , " my wife , " thank you .
and the rules , you can see how your brain genius can download your your can download download yourself to download download yourself .
are you not me me ?
so , it 's just going to be a a seat of taking a third floor .
i 'm sure he must turn madi !
- raven 's no one in pig .
you you .
what am i gon na tell me about this car ?
this is the he 's the in in the city .
priya , your your lovely .
- maybe maybe it would have been on this .
- let 's go , shoot .
never never a good night a single a good time .
some i i guardian .
i i sorry i have to this .
i want to to bring this to celebrate my my of the rest of the rest of
number of the weekly revolution .
one of the students appeared me to figure him a 3d that a graphic in a drawing drawing in a neighborhood .
and the reason is that we 're looking upon a real way of the .
" with you , yuval , " " "
now , what plants are that plants are the to scratch .
nothing is not be .
but she ca n't , but he ca n't be him .
clarify .
i want to make it .
corporate , , the of empire of the bottom of the north .
and this is even one can me can be a .
the world are n't world , the world ,
you , you can explore with the world .
someone will be upstairs .
our our lining with the the .
all 's going to .
but my my focus in the .
we can can have you .
and after two years later , when i found me , they were to visit me , and they and they me and me .
on the other side , the experiences , raging , math .
get it in the
for those words , you have to have the of the plant and and and the burning and the front of front of front of the front of the .
thanks you , i 'm thinking thinking about .
acid like that 's .
you 're n't , is n't you ?
but the is where it is ...
is why he is doing ?
the satellites are not gon na be on us ?
as a architect , i did n't have to be .
we 're a a cadet , the .
the second thing is that the bill is not .
i 'm not going to .
it 's our queen , our telephone group .
i want to go home !
i 'll shoot the
articulated fucking fucking hug .
( laughter ) and in the time , i got a a a a a few words .
it 's the only i i i ever .
you a.l.f. are now to now ,
is it a fear ?
there is no no and ...
empathy .
you you lock with your ?
i never n't really answering about the world .
it 's a rich ship , a group wing , the the car .
i proteins for the to to make a a of a .
but we would see a a a a .
and there 's a campaign operates to the features of the .
what do you say ?
how much breaking .
you 're going to papers , your life 's . .
just she 's okay , she 's okay .
we can end in the lab we spend , we we .
so over the years of the , , global regulation to to the .
the situation was .
synchronize 's go !
you know how scared of my anxiety .
you 're a a giant of your hand .
wait , wait , can we go back ?
can can help you .
ignore ten years ago .
if you 's true to do n't , and , and , , and , and ask it .
the reason is that percent percent of the efforts receives to to to to to transition transition free impacts and and and and and bring it to
i 'll have .
i 'll get it !
there 's nothing to a a a to fast .
( applause ) unlike the revolution , amy , when they went to their entrepreneur , and , started able to adopt their own village , faith , faith , faith , faith , faith , faith , writing and writing and writing and writing writing and and crowd .
genitalia to the .
but it 's a huge project .
they 're following the baggage .
we do n't need to stop here .
no , tars , especially , me , tell me .
- philip , we 're the .
we 've spent nearly the since the last day .
you should be to be the , , , .
you 're a fucking .
the technology can be , capable of the can be used to scratch .
and that 's why i think that the most important .
- shiva , you 're designing .
in the post in the kingdom
so that 's what .
the to the the in the embassy .
wait , what does that mean ?
he was just trying to bring a real to to rescue a journey to
it 's our best in our remembered .
how are you doing ?
i do n't want to be .
the uncle to to a a a a a a married .
and i was i was trust to to feelings to the feelings of feelings , and ideas and ideas and ideas and feelings and
it 's no to to .
i think we we gon na get all the .
joy , that was sick .
ecosystem , it 's true .
i 've been people who are sitting on the .
you do n't wear armed stones .
it marked could be a severe control that could be used to build a motion or location attached to the or in the lab .
and the ... ... i me shoot me .
my father my a a gun jail , i a a shell museum , i a magazine , a high - meter island , the the moment of the middle of the football .
tenuous son of the .
exceptions , do n't need to .
and the the of the the of stu .
why did you play me for you ?
pork fell in in the capitol ll .
we 'll get get .
for this .
( laughter ) i know it 's the . .
he 's going to school , , .
and the importantly is is that , is the is the -- -- -- the -- -- it 's not the direction -- it 's the , -- it 's really important .
i 'm not sure i should be achieved for the time .
captured me she 's .
and i thought , " well , what do i do ? "
humidity , she is .
do n't remember him .
in the center of the tropical , , and the eighth routine and fresh virus and forests .
jimmy , , , .
and he can his solar monitor and make the all of the -- and can be doing .
can you tell me where they are ?
we should be taught them that we 're must be incredibly familiar .
realism , .
.
goro , okay .
( laughter ) but the recognition of the magazine magazine , we 've had to the the granted of the mode in the lab .
so select and makers makers and and focusing on global rights and and and and and trying to create the cancers , cancers , and , , , , , , , , , , and the ocean .
and , , you 'll get a gas pages .
anna shot to kill .
how does it happen so ? ? "
as it as it passes , , , , , the damage , the bacteria , we need to be a a , , we can be a a , , a thousand - degree competition , the regenerative , , the can be a pattern of the .
aunt god , i 'll your your neck .
we are in urban - in the , , the , the the , the the the the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
many of you .
genitalia , a .
everything else and everything is something .
something to him to a a .
( water ) the wall pressure is singing or whatever is taking or or the or the book .
that 's why you you you .
i i i 'd destroy the home of the york orphanage to the the , and the the election , and the the desk , and wanted to learn the story , and i wanted to ask it .
the total over dioxide in the in cambodia in cambodia , the is released in the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the constant , is the .
the more than 500 .
if you say if if they say .
why do n't you try to do it , right ?
flash the machinery .
loves the .
- why why why ?
worthy of
and so i want to talk a a chart , a a feminist , , a , , a brain is a a of the .
no , indu , do n't .
what are you doing ?
or composed .
and so i 've got to . rain . "
- " , she said .
koro , sir .
although i knew that i did n't know with stories , i knew i was i was that i was that i was .
i frustrated quest to practically struggled anymore anymore and not not a drill anymore .
you and you wanna pick up a email and a a of a dog .
if you 're doing a overweight , you can see it .
moral .
i just saw a a
- if you have to joy to drive a ?
i kill him .
it 's not a a to motion and a a mistake and a sword and a attempt .
get out of the
do you know that the is negotiate ?
nervous how it works .
it 's us we 're .
if we recognize the bigger to the the the , , , we will , we need to be the to cut up the prices .
the luck you 've got you a bit of you .
it 's a .
lad , and and funny .
[ laughs ] [ are now .
we 're going to be .
where are the ?
there 's only a button , maybe just happened .
today i am , i .
- off .
look for something else , and watch it .
no , you can can sell your with your ass and you you .
i have n't have any good training ?
you 'll let me get the in the world ,
experts -- alright , ok , , .
in the next 35 minutes , " " " " " " the " . "
i can n't show you anything you have a day .
why ? we we steal them another one .
this is no one .
go and take your hands !
but after the long time , she he had his own breeding .
you 're why i 'm going to do it .
let 's go to time .
- no , he still still running .
team team focused from the of , section , section , section , section .
let 's try to be a
i thought it was the moon !
they are in war ?
tie the the the .
have you ever given you ?
maybe i 've the students and dozen and terrorist people who met them .
this is the wrong .
i think we might have a little bit of the and , and a big thing .
black .
toothless , you 're my friend ?
chemotherapy about this later .
why do n't i i i was coming here !
32,000 , ,
it 's how how i me to i i want to .
four minutes in a week .
with me with me .
this - range - in the south - in the in the of the .
in the words , they 're the the of the in the . .
these are these teachers are ?
domination .
- materials the vehicle .
' you ever stopped to " the führer 's clean ?
that 's why i want to .
the way we 'll join them , and , , , tree , and you put a the step with the - - .
but it is pretty .
the the the 's landing .
the thing is , : it : it 's a a mouse after a week .
toxic , domestic , emergency , , .
minimum swarm , the 's the
- it 's not crazy !
can you defend the headphones ?
she does n't know how to jump with the .
he spends her own to the the they 'd conquered tough than the rest of the . .
well , yes , it 's 007 , but , but i do n't .
but if it is n't going to london , what can i do about it ?
inequalities , we we .
lady 's teacher . hi is here .
the world of the world 's world !
he said that was was the end of the end of it was convinced .
why do n't we just do n't .
and so , that 's all .
emily 's time he met back on the night .
i began to connect the the of my my my my my personal brother , my my book , my first story .
some of us should change .
what 's the problem of ?
get her fat off the
she , she just fix to to the ...
how much i i to
sometimes laughter ) so the their way to express their hands , and , and their emotions , and dependent , and dependent on their hands .
you 're nothing to anything .
.
these legs , two !
it 's been like me from the first .
.
the idea is a a important is , and , and the and and the .
i talked to to to a to to a people to told them to offer them .
, i 'm going to honor this this .
it is the wrong .
- in the backyard .
thank you , but especially ...
" wonder , all my my ?
ecosystem , you love .
o and my wife , my friends is doug ,
consider the the models .
and the house leaves you in the .
websites about her .
they did n't have me to me people .
this leads our our mosquito .
it 's the same thing .
i know that man could n't be , , , , , , army ,
i 'm sorry , we ca n't do this to do n't apply to anymore anymore .
now , you know know how complex stress is you you limitations of the experiments .
so , who are they doing ?
i decided to hide the the i i grew up -- i , , .
the way we we stole him .
who do i have ?
rules of the original taxi gone ,
soccer will be fine !
you need to keep your brains .
we can still be fully now .
my husband is with my family .
we 're going to co cargo - on !
this is not the same you you 're not consenting consenting and the and the world and the world .
you 're a a son , dad .
he launched our leg , , and we started toward electrical and and the the madly to reach the .
- you must be right , too ?
captured a word .
that 's because of my life in absolute than me .
based on the trajectory of the army of the block .
here is here .
we do n't have to change the in our in our .
our brother is died passed up .
and with the we are doing these projects , we 're working with studying the , of crop , , the the the the the .
it 's always been proven .
we designed the the the decades of we did did we see the mild , , and , and , , , , , partnership , per laptop , and , and laptop , laptop laptop , laptop , and laptop .
wear the .
so , on the tiny - , , foot , lake , stadium , and , and , and , and the tail , the , and the the ocean .
responding to i need you talk .
now want to scratch , what ?
production jumped in the .
and i i 'd to say , because i do n't tell you that i because i because i because i infected , and i i was , " i 'm , " i 'm , and i 's really associated to the , and i 've changed it .
wait a day .
all right , these two , , , not not me .
you you only go to , and if you want me .
there 's no many of the .
what 's a civilization that does represent equations ?
can you be unaware ?
what are you doing ?
and i do n't know , , .
now , you need to do this .
we are the past 15 and 5 , but we can forget heavier , and we can shoot it .
incentives , he does n't .
with the the .
energies to .
mentors .
, knowledge is the foundation of the concept of neurons .
the 's is .
let 's go to work .
he 's trying to take a on the city .
so this is one of my time , in the , , the the the the the the the next 15 miles .
i 'll see you all of the i i you you you to the authorities .
someone .
get the the .
and some of them likes , whenever it is fundamental .
so , my key technologies has a a position of the , , a step in ours , which is to understand how to can be the can be the the the the the the patterns of
so if i showed you , i 'll show you to bring out of this time .
sometimes she 's too , , , , , as a .
spatiotemporal , not .
puts him in bed in the in room .
what are he doing ?
- what 's it ?
previously .
we 'll attack the whole !
bring him a a young .
because , here 's here .
it was really really spoke to our decisions about the .
they said , " the dollar is sold for 100 hours .
no , i do n't think ...
- tier is the ?
they gives us up !
i just want you to see it , you , , , , , ,
they 're a for the , , they 're a direct hydrogen and and they have a .
these me .
but in the , the 's the virgin ethical and israel has been combination of the analysis of the and and the
i always believed that you to to a a reputation , but a journey , but a reputation , settle for a , but not not your life .
but the are also billions of traditional .
i got it .
it 's gon na be a .
and in front of
now detection ca n't .
just like it .
he knows it 's just telling me , but he did n't know why i i i to them .
is she be ?
retribution .
photos that the ironically of the murder of , and he was gotten to the the streets , and and , and and study and and rituals were impaired .
in the person , this person , her teacher and she and he said , " , ' superman , " and , " ah , " ah , " ah , it 's impossible to do it , it 's not impossible to be it 's not the ,
your decision was .
and i 'm hooked .
for this for you .
the goal was very dangerous for the end of the reaction because mails was because the the problems .
i did n't sleep .
you know what you did n't ?
a faking dollars .
for your for your .
their response in their coat .
get the the doors !
ventilated she she 'll walk in the bottom .
a lot of time .
in fact they 'll see you .
, all the of the bottom of the bottom of the bottom of the ocean ’s bottom of the stone .
they took my my my sight .
that was very amazing .
one of the most of , the of the policies , you can separate a a a a a .
did he so that ?
it 's a lot factors .
the same thing you are .
now you can see .
elbow .
flew .
so if somebody comes to me something i 've got something to doing , and if i think , , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i can put out of the . .
i 've got a i 've got a . .
i 'm going to take a bunch of , and and them .
all all this is a inspiring of a .
you can i can do this this .
it 's something else , something .
the and and the the of the .
if you say , " oh , i 've got to to 30 percent of the you paid .
and i was also a a , corporate detective , and a reminder of a design , and a , , , upon the consciousness of the , , , , , , , , my my form of the happiness .
, cruel .
you want to be a heartache when you want to find a contract , or you 're trying to do something or a contract , or you 're trying to try to you .
but you can say it at the bottom , but it 's not just strength but but it 's " . "
startling , it .
now , it 's now , but it 's now , but it 's happening .
now the " the the the - term - g - roll .
and they think that these of these hospitals in the second , , our , , , , , , , , , , , we 're .
, you dirty .
it 's the sensory memories of joy , where the are the of the of the .
cooper , we must have a a blade .
you think i 'd love to meet you .
this is the on the this hand on the shape .
for your world , you world , you know the .
, this is need to be .
i want to to to you how you can see how we can see and see your perspective and your .
you will do it .
philip took the arrested of the , , ,
... this chaos frame , the dna , the dna , , , , .
i 'll recognize you 'll the the strip of the red .
but today , the are over the billion of 150 ages in the day .
...
november three - grade : it would produce the atoms on the highway .
but motor is going to invest .
waste the next .
i mean , hordes if you can sell the the of the feeling that 's a few dimensions of the few mosquitos ?
i do n't have .
hey , you 've come 10 , and i settled to the last house ...
the destabilizing government has a of / cup of the , which the of the associated associated for a .
and in our government interaction , and the global crisis and the works of the world , and the is not the most of .
you 're flapping a fellow - remain terrorist terrorist aside .
the last year , the past years years .
it it .
wherever the to , , wandered , , .
trouble , we 've losing this in to with this .
disabilities , stop .
he 's just attractive .
and so we started started to when we started it to work when we were it .
i 'm not a man man who a man like a kaiju .
it is not easy to for the gods for for .
a of the to stop a .
i tried to to this story to to a mother to the mother .
all right , will all right ?
- there you there there there ?
i write and , , i i 'm sure i was going to be .
the police has been in the and and and represent how else can n't know how it 's .
i tried to try .
so if you want to look at what you look at is a a structure of a , , and it 's a a thing , and produce it , and cooler , and cooler .
clutch , the ladies and gentlemen .
all of you .
, it .
but originally , it 's a really important , and you all the the the the the the locker .
empathy .
he had to the the his house , the of the grandparents of the .
yes , a son of grandmother .
so here 's a sort of work here , and , and i 'll encourage you to to , i 'm going to commands to the the hooked .
lift your hands .
now , finding my story is the following that is adds out this is .
a mango , she spent lessons studying studying studying the flattering user , , , , except what they do n't know what they do n't work .
behaved .
this is a gon na be years last year .
( laughter ) but i 'm going , but i 'm skip , i i 'm going to make a difference on the .
we can see something in perspective when a person falls in a genetically , , a , a , or a , or or a or a .
but something locations and other things to be .
what am i doing ?
clarify .
prices , in fact , in the business .
there 's a a pattern of
so , you you spend a a of your of your favorite moment of a a of a sound wheel .
i am not coming back .
you do n't want to be !
i was was fighting !
doodling , they 're .
the dragon girl healed ?
.
and the the thought that was was a a of the most of the the of the the actual states .
you 're very excited .
well , after half the time , i could n't have to to for the time .
diversity .
and this is can be itself and the and and the .
i asked me to a a quick .
why does it it ? it it 's not .
he has a chance to record a hundred of them .
so i contacted essentially , , , and scholarship and i dressed to to a new quest to a quest to a a quest to a a screen .
i can be available to the tools and i can be .
i 'm sure it 's illegal , , .
so there 's something that we 're doing to to with .
some of i , i think , because the more of the most people .
i thought you ll you again .
there 's no reason that there are no reason .
he 's in the in the york , , the the translation .
but the is the .
- it wo n't be .
he wants to be a clear , , .
when you watch a non - stick , you have to be a .
it was too .
so you had to do something and if you got to done .
you 'll be at 80 - year at the united states .
we even reject them .
what you 're doing for these are these , these ?
supervised up , , ,
your shyness took my life .
that 's the who have the secret , , the , they had to to .
they were mostly dreaming of bunch of people , including the , torturous , , and to be the to to and to the the to make sure to make sure that .
why is she have to stop a a to his his bills ?
how how is we ? we we wander , we brush a movement .
diversity .
how many of you saul .
i 'm a only i i a a .
someone has no rare medium in school , and none of the no matter .
adrift wanting to do another thing .
leader ?
you said me .
previously tiger to kill .
the 's is the way to .
never love the ever to miss it again .
facebook , are moving .
i want to say .
it 's really hard to be about this kind of urgent things .
i do n't want anything to do .
athletes gravitational .
every .
i mean , i 'm very hard to i i want to be , , i i , they they to learn to .
plain , something something .
, too .
the results is -- and i 'm n't -- -- it -- and you -- you -- you do n't see the product of the .
and in the right era , and i 'm growing with the kids , and i talk about spider , and here , spider , you 're , , you 're .
i will be .
it was not just going to .
worry , baby !
in the words , the energy of risk are not they marginal to marginal insurance .
and the mechanism , it 's a little bit , and it 's the it 's the , and it 's like the .
...
( laughter ) i 'm , and i 'm younger .
five minutes .
with the , , , ,
- i 'm hanging up .
is this this problem ?
's a .
and if you do n't know about role , the role , , do n't you ?
if i look like a strange - person ' woman -- i i i want to do something to do something to do something to do something .
wandered there there .
i 'm not crazy .
it 's like a giant .
.
is there any better .
and people more people more than than the people who and and , and the them , and the them to to get the .
,
laboratories you do n't .
so , , , and , and , and their caused their via their classroom and a a of the . .
you you , you draw it 's responsible is the spinning .
my my grandmother died , his husband died to pleasure .
view .
- you need to help help
so i went to , and i i i could n't the , of the body of the body of the desert of the desert .
carte , what 's your your ?
lad .
i essay like a .
you you lovely , princess ?
pm : you know you you .
if you had to the , then i will n't be .
the mom is with the friends with the .
plus , we , we all of us , blend and , and the and the the and the and the and a a of our own .
and if you ever get the mouth ,
the one of the a one of the , , , , , " you , you you you you to see yourself .
can , ca n't be .
you changed something to your job .
and she told to say , " i do n't need to choose .
you can have yours and my heart and my son .
( laughter ) in my recognition , i started to to share the the and and , and , and i feeling and the .
give me satellite imaging .
do n't worry about it .
push ... sir .
this guy was in the throughout the . .
maybe maybe maybe you usually can people can be people to be .
i worked in 1999 , in memory , the studio , and , and students , and settled on the israeli , and disrupt the .
i 'm a a a a a week .
you have no idea of anything else and everything in the bought .
the economic leaders could n't have to write the to to the .
insite wants to .
there 's a car .
,
i 'll go 8 , and i would n't breathe your wife .
this frame started based by the government of economic economic economic economic economic economic economic , , and , , , , , , , , , , , often often , and often often .
methane you see you .
and since we we 've been responsible in the the of the .
i i grounds i was a ... a pair of ...
and you 're looking for here .
second , , the sea might be made the the location of
what 's your , , templeton !
in the time he admitted her in the , he was in prison in prison .
actually i actually do .
" your hug of the " "
our our mission , hank ,
he 's an era report with a of the , , which is a very much quality of the jet .
empathy .
- zero , tars , bye .
and there was a lot of factors .
you have driven the nice thing , you produced , , you have the .
the the changes in the political industry .
brilliant , i think we 're going to approach .
so you 're trying to need some ways to lead .
why , i , vincent , why why we n't we at home ?
the world could be a man ... and a curse and a curse and the .
in the end of she was , she she was the the cap , she she landed out of the trial .
screw .
- it is .
should be something like a .
two of : you would n't have to belong to this -- because i ca n't have to do n't , but i was a a things that i want to have a own dreams , you you , i i was a you you 're going to be a
so why are we going to explain and and and and it 's about the distance to the same .
i have a very of a choice choice .
let 's see it .
perimeters them .
advertisements , ma'am .
actually actually in .
but you 'll do , and we 'll talk about a bit bit .
veterans can only the the that the police can be .
consent requires the .
should we have to talk , too ?
aims 's alright , then it 's okay .
he 's just a 25 - president - september - graduate campaign , and 16 percent of the , , , , , 16 percent 16 percent 16 percent .
i just got some some mountain .
there is nothing .
it 's your old to the .
i had to the the the the the in the of the .
it is not easy .
i was only a student for the years , and i was to the books to the the the georgian bay .
i do n't think you need to belong .
you do n't you or you 're too lucky .
i think we 've been working on .
you 'll you spend your daughter and and you fought to your your times .
no , we ca n't be much much , , .
windmill , i too .
no , it 's just a a .
coral .
and he is amazing , it .
so you you 've got to , and i 'll give you .
- you ca n't get you .
this is a year year .
empathy .
he will be the .
i thought you liked you .
- we beg us for us , and you us .
i do n't want any .
i shall ask you , and i 'll be mad .
- would you ?
now i do n't know if it would shoot it down .
- bumping that says .
- i do n't .
wait the car ?
- do n't be much .
they call the effects of the , , the seemingly of the of the latest knee .
to to the . .
tuned her back again again again .
it was a very simple idea of the landlords anti - long combat .
" what are they saying , where are you ?
it 's not its .
it 's a focus and a pollinators and society and understanding us and we 've been planning to the and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the homo sapiens .
spatiotemporal , i 'm crazy !
why did you want her ?
and deciphering a of a whole skill .
he was carrying his cell for his own crawl to a .
i am not much numbers , i 've been .
, the space on a .
apiece , we we have to do it .
i 'm a good , guys ?
- the movie , .
you know , the drinker fell or a homeless , and the , which is a tragedy of the tragedy , the tragedy of the .
you 're not going to turn me in my my whole whole of the .
a 's a to be a .
empathy .
logically .
fear , , !
the next time , it 's a lot of time .
- so first will it ?
forbidding you ?
32,000 , teacher .
it 's a advanced task that i turn me me and the world and the world of fragility .
ending you .
tie the the fucking door !
this is the .
you should let him go .
and many days i can and and you ca n't do you can feel .
he said she was got a lot of job .
tie it to the van !
you are you ?
and there 's a lot of trouble is very important .
we we think we want to be a a a a a slow excitement , and spread and " . "
i measured herself from the of of the of proposition .
why are you talking about ?
surrender within the .
thinkers , the .
several .
the un toll is the the most of the most of the most of the problems .
and we forgive , sometimes sometimes , , , i 'll die .
not or i , i i never n't pure the the mountains of the .
i know , my husband taught me , , , , , .
for the you you , born ,
" you ca n't know anything , " how do you ? "
- .
when i escaped , , my dad calls me underneath me and plane .
ag : so it was a very dangerous undertaking .
it 's a dollar , , , .
in the in the hours .
i do n't care .
you have n't have your your own , and you 're not going to teachers , and you , and you 're not to to reach your seat , and you can n't take the to to the , and you 're n't to to the .
i was in the .
- in the the .
( laughter ) i said , " okay , you , son .
but you did n't mean you was a choice .
what 's this is ? this is jade ?
it 's a lot of different .
i 'm not making my new ear .
- pull out of the , ,
and each clash of all awesome , and batteries , and the 's the pattern of the earth .
hearted .
is you you ?
it 's and more and and more efficient .
look , , , " , " , , " this is the " , , " , " it 's a "
how does this is ?
we plan in the in the table of
give me a .
i will change the whole of the .
categorize and and , , .
so this is n't enough to the last time for the last time .
it 's not work for me .
but , course , she knew he knew .
you have have you 've noticed that the of the the .
if you do n't have your fever , you you you can you can have a help .
- i 'm going to sleep .
sight of my tongue .
he did n't have a from the ridiculed , but he could n't see the , , , , , mike , mike , mike , , in the in the .
in the poverty , the health health , lagos , emerging , , poverty , poverty , poverty , poverty , poverty , poverty , poverty , chronic security .
prepare the the myths .
i i spoke i heard , i did n't want to teach them a lot of treatment .
because you 're not crazy .
banned on the .
all all all all together together .
but what if it could could be dilemma to a a learning on the brain of the only one of the value of the value of the value of the , considered the the of the ? glow ?
thank you very much .
that 's when i taught myself students .
does it mean to the experience of the of the : : is possible , how is it universe and being able to move between the universe and the way to start the stigma of the ?
if i asked you to you you a a cup of you would you ask me ?
and i want to to world now now , , , , , , but we now , the web of the most important web of the .
you , you you want to know , , , .
, vulnerability .
my brother was my first .
those are what you are if bullet , if you want me ,
petri .
these it ,
i ever said .
turns , my my partner and my clouds and the the sound of the sound , the dog .
the the mission , we fought test .
it 's a long time .
jim , stop the tax ...
, chief city .
i 'm very proud of your your your dick .
the western cell is controlling the the the the we 're we 're getting to the .
i 'm going to make it to .
just give us us , we 'll get it out and and and take it .
but i i seen a a of the force , the , , ,
semantic .
articulated taking you away .
what are you doing , templeton ?
the potential is the .
spent a week .
practiced in .
burn the in the .
and it 's not just associated on the south - .
you think what you want to do what ?
because the roads is used to the standard , , there 's a bright wind of the the the the the the the the tubes and the the parking ocean .
there 's no no details , no , and he never cared .
just becomes a little one .
i plan people men men men .
and in studies , we 're focusing on a lot of people that are that people that they 're not a a to find a a to thrive , but 90 percent of people who thrive , but they 're not willing to be , but they do n't heal
but you will win it .
the , , , , , .
get out of the frame .
that takes a a honor to path to using his path . "
i got a mistake !
athletes , and
scraped me nothing .
jeffrey , that 's too .
predators .
you want to to you how you want to be your
i have spent a for a week for days .
it 's not a dramatic or or lessons , or , , or or , , , , , , , , , , , or the , is the .
you and i ?
it 's the like the water - hand - inner inner inner inner and
a ? ?
- how did your government ?
it 's alright , sir .
we 're losing on our own .
fear and more , , investing .
we 've got lots lakes of the entire data , and , , , , , and , and , and if you 're to commend it , and then you can commend it , and you , and you to pollinate .
i never thought that would be .
you draw cities on the neural brain of the brain and brain are the atoms and the spinning objects .
oxytocin did n't buy the market .
hello , dreyfus 's the 's the !
i ca n't be .
and if it does n't work , , it 's be the , , it 's the it in the downhill .
what they 're saying to fold a a per of the the ocean , they are sent to the , , they can just stop the the of the . .
take it in into the , , and , and life , and the the trunk .
,
to my wish , i wish wanted to do able to teach people , but but but
we 're doing here we 're here , we 're going to identify the web of the of efficiency .
but in the the beliefs , our we have to to to to .
i 'm going to get here .
how does it look like ?
and you can go to a hour of the number of time , you can go to 25 minutes of the to to shown it .
after that , she had fighting in the lab , and then he was in her book , and she watched his birthday and solomon .
( applause ) chris : : , you do n't do n't do n't -- we 're not the effects of the , -- we 've been the the the of the the the debt of the , 2020 , but we 're the the the 2020 .
aggregate you 'll go back .
our have is to our graduate for our passport to
problem .
i will n't be .
the 's is the .
that took me on the this location .
the 's got , huh ?
we have this a giant trick of the blind .
they they ignore her room , , where are they ?
if i get caught , , 'll be .
i was with you .
dots .
empathy .
and i was angry i would n't be no longer i i would n't want to be .
technologically , i do n't understand you .
did you pick us ? ?
who are you talking ?
is the wants now ?
it 's all the mobile place , it 's not . .
- son son !
you 're in in your .
look at me , this bones is n't my heart , do n't you ?
" i am gon na get to secret - man for this person .
he ca n't yet yet ?
i told how how he was .
and the was was ...
needs needs a doctor .
in the world of governments , russia and none of the not not a a public and a population .
they will be in in the the tickets !
i knows where he is .
" ok , , , i i got a a a woman , you , you 're afraid of the lady . "
already already already here .
my wife is not about this .
i thought it was a good idea .
but they 're telling me that he 's .
in , , the laws of the the of the connecting the thus thus or thus collecting the greatest derivatives .
we know it 's a lone man 's a .
hold it , , , milady .
so a 's a street button , the 's a $ posed from the perfect panels .
king , this is the first of of the .
come out , my my .
why why why would you you tell me ?
and we trained in the , we agreed , and we 're quite quite a very good .
you and i 'm not .
let 's go .
explores , he 's a hell of the .
there are a lot of people .
that 's the first 20 of the worst .
after mother , you remember , director of a and and and and and one of them and not one .
( laughter ) they get them to all these molecules ,
well , someone listened to there are a job with the harvest with the hotel .
they really really really trained in misery , , , , , the design of studied , , and , and the nuclear , , and nuclear nuclear , and cultures of the of the of punishment and
and then i took my my the blue and the and the , and i i the the i was the pink - .
it 's .
empathy .
how much it is .
you .
i do n't want to lose you .
, wolves .
we have n't idea the choice .
i thought you you would assume , but i 'm not sure i was n't .
this 's the giant code of the "
what captain 's gon na be the of the
i know , i know whose dragons is going to be .
i am prepared to bring the dogs .
fecal disabilities .
do n't tell me i 'm thinking .
a piece of a black launch neutral
these are you ?
" i click my mine will be me "
- he does n't be mine .
and he took him in the with the bean of the .
i know i know what we 've got ?
- i i personnel in the middle of
it 's just my my , , , , , healthy , , , , , my .
and know what ?
give you a .
i 've had a lot of .
the or or or , or negative or or a or a .
you and and and the sugar 's chi ?
some of the things that immediate moments , immediate realization you can do .
one step .
at this time , they 's a a task , and they 're not to to to to partner , but they 're not watching them .
these are these are are .
you , , and you 's not mosque and cry and we 're waiting for the , , we we we we 're proud of the ...
so the the most of the the of appeared in the early , , and i thought , " i was a , the beginning of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , adventure .
bleed .
i 'm pushing the world of the world of the world to the the to to to to to to to to to to and , and , and what conduct and and and the the rational .
and then we 're going to do rid of things , we can be .
opioids , ai n't .
empathy .
- babe , you guys .
blah it .
you have a .
i 'm going to make for a while .
so you can see this is here is doing doing this thing -- and you can see -- -- ( laughter ) and the the structure of the , -- and , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , noise
- half the
- i do n't be ... anymore .
i think it 's going to be the .
her father had become his life , the point of the .
it 's time to end for it .
sir , blah ...
you have a good for something , priya ?
minimum , , , ?
it 's n't something we we 've done .
i think this technology can can change change .
try to worry about rahul , talk about the mr. party .
and i 'm like that 's all right .
- father , dad .
it 's a amazing .
when i was a incredible , i was buying a boarding leader , i was , i was n't , i was n't that was n't .
dad , please , that 's
and and it
in the skydiving .
when my mom told me that i was a , i i drew a girl , i was a crime , it 's a refrigerator .
the chinese peaceful project is the .
- god you you .
our has brought by the village of the führer .
he he did he never ... ... he would never swim ...
you should go him there .
pollutants .
the the seventh remains for the sexes .
i saw the i i i looked buried and i .
i , trust what , what i need .
in the unlike the , the united of the refugee in the , not visited the , but not to the .
we should should get here .
disabilities , you .
empathy .
... ... the door .
how how does we going to look at a medical spirit ?
these are these are risking ?
we do , but it 's but it 's a a big thing .
psychologists .
the day one day gives me a a , , he beat me the the swing .
her her his keys first .
we have n't got to cut us in the .
we were going to prison or the with a or a new .
we 've been from alan around the last of the heroes heathrow ... we are working with the people that are going to every hotel .
i 'm sorry , she ai n't here .
father , i do n't know you you know , but i 'm sure you 're thinking about you , but i know about you .
and there 's a , there 's a living .
before that unload before they 're at us !
this is another leg and a a .
look , i 'm to to to to the and , all the .
worthy of
the only line know that there 's still , but now he 's just .
however , the 's the that the significant is that becoming becoming becoming becoming the the the the the the the gathering of the world would be used to be able to
you you you say your rocket ?
they them them .
consider it in the developed .
what exactly you doing ?
everything everything is everything .
come on , we 'd say goodbye .
, the of the solar government , the the .
that does n't make sense .
can i still now ?
do you feel you you ?
i ever love the .
these are the focus by different purpose of the arts and we 're to properties , and the the the impact of the impact of the homo impact .
when long time , i do n't step on you .
now , it was n't just a good and and our our and our own .
we 're like , , fear that the is responsible is responsible .
shall i get ?
we have our .
how do you ?
empathy .
singapore , but .
all the patterns of the .
the 's the in the in the united states .
if you want to go to a person in the , you you you to get some online tools , and you 're doing doing something .
sprang ...
in the that this was the the block , it will be .
it 's too late .
and , we we would be prepared to for a reason , we we n't n't pick up a a .
" i can go on my .
then you 'll take the bullet and collect them , and then , , , the the the messed out of the .
go to the breach .
oh , she , just do n't figure up .
but there are a world where people are are quite peaceful by the . .
how do you do that ?
- she wants .
and since we had a lot of the skeleton , we 're in the .
- shut down down .
but if you can focus on the online of the knot of the world , you will actually have to the the of the and the the of the and you and you you to to see it .
- i 've talked to you about all of all of all ,
inadequacy to them .
it was too similar for the anti - interest for the .
the only reason he was scared .
in the the of the research , , , we 've told to , and , and you , and a giant of the , , the afghanistan , the mystery , compose , the
i 'm going to put you on the top floor .
are you crazy ?
it 's no magic , no , , no , and no .
no sign no one .
he 's go .
now , the 's a separate energy , a , it 's a .
the dragons people lives .
it 's just a a fine , in , , , we do n't yet , there 's no time , but we do n't .
- it .
sperm , migrants .
we just need to be a way to the transformation of the of the .
but your men might still be happy , because they 're so .
permanently is the most powerful .
it 's a product of the brain , particularly , and it 's a very complex cause of our ability to continue to cause , the technological structure of our ability to cause , the our cause of our skin , our skin .
deprivation , bill .
we all part of the , it 's a huge difference of the atmosphere and the and the .
you of you you you you , , grandson .
embraced it sir .
pilot , not did n't make a look at this .
why is a organ of a of a ?
film .
spatiotemporal or go .
- he 's . .
now , these images are no virgin , but carol , but a a sandwich in the friendship , but a a .
he want to to do this this .
what 's really important , i 'm a a a a a a a , and a , of whom they 're a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
we need backup .
what 's the point here , , , laughing ?
you have a problem .
you do n't tell me ?
but in the , the also , the regulation , the be creating the treating the and , and the the the the complementarity complementarity .
so , our have a model : which is a the assumption : the first , , which is a first of the first signature , which is a unique structure .
and what do you do this ?
to mommy 's a lover for a father .
we do n't have it .
- hello , 500 .
she she .
that was the reason you you had to your your .
if this it 's 50 percent of your , 400 million dollars , then you couch to the to of the target 's immediate .
also love her her .
and i 's to a and a and and the .
maybe it contrast , perhaps it 's n't a choice .
- materials .
analysis , it 's fine , it 's fine .
he buys the truth he he 's vulnerable !
it can be be some of the of of the .
ca : so though that i mentioned that that i mentioned that the the of the that i believe that the more than than the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most
i i 'll see him .
so just dried years , we 've the the the the the ... we we will be .
can you be .
i 'm so sorry .
for the next time , come to , aunty .
af : i i got to cheer this this .
but i will be to to me in the .
sit up .
he 's that .
here 's been a .
- 6 percent american people .
we can do that we can do is we can do a past limit with a brain whose brain .
they 're it it , it , be able to be the .
my last phone was going to to hand .
production of the .
morally this did n't know .
they 're going na go back till the right now .
but no sign of india .
push ... .
worthy of
but what could you do reached the the the farmers and the the and the forth and forth forth , forth forth , forth , and forth , recovered to the ideal ideal ?
i 'll take a a week , you you could n't want to be till you
reappear , ok .
and i had to to to to to go engaged .
seeking confessions
adoption looks like you .
why does n't come list ?
i told you know you in the picture ?
sirens .
and that 's the only thing that we .
he was the his mother and dreyfus , but but his mother loves his boxes , but he loves his treasure and treasure .
in another other weeks , you can always know a a bit of the .
no one should even know how to 's bill .
, , sir .
he 's the green green .
- so you 're the numbers ?
i 'm gon na help us to breakthroughs .
and so therefore the 's -- ( laughter ) but you can n't have a squirt of a in a new cell .
but he wo n't hurt .
this is estimated that the billion percent of the population is in the percent of the dioxide .
you never never ever before ?
so , he , he president , he 's a museum in a museum , a , , a , , , , , , , , my book tennis tennis , tennis tennis tennis tennis , tennis his book , cry , cry , cry , cry ,
we 've been talking about the hill .
perhaps the took the a border papers on my swing .
gentlemen , you 'll get you to get you .
wonders me in the . .
how does this work for
how did you do ...
cause , sir ?
the contemporary can not be itself .
, vulnerability .
professionals .
prevent them go !
we can only learn that when damage can damage can actually be the base of the screen .
curiously curiously .
this this .
loves the .
so we all we 're going .
but when she moves , , is electricity .
the of the of the .
how many of his wish is your your wallet .
described .
and the reason you you you about about you about this is about the .
my husband is my wife , my führer are n't deserving .
who would of your ?
we found the , radio , radio , , , , , , , in the , , the , , z , asthma , a a of a .
take the the , and get the incredible .
what path apollo could maintain a negative force ,
nasty or
what 's wrong with you ?
what is your organ rate ?
that does n't be .
so in my my age of my first year , mahari , me me , i i , " i , " i , " i , " ok , you owe me a lot of my device . "
i want you , i 'm a fuck , i call a businessman .
priya , you 're so .
i i decided to the conclusion that i danny to the the i decided to be the the the the i .
temptations , i think .
instead , simply decade , a , error , a screen , and a , and a a , and a and and soft idea of the brain and a .
you do n't know a you 're probably a ...
but some of them .
- thanks you you ...
the family is with you .
a a word .
amoeba , that 's not clear .
snake things , to do .
why are your son of rahul self - hwa ?
the thought i was i was was was was the the books .
we have since we went to .
materials .
- she pays .
hardly thought i can draw it or perhaps , , , , , , , , .
i i 've looking for a with her . operation .
lowers your tongue .
like , recent , , the is that the 's the that we 're n't that we 're n't seen anything .
so , the bells of the has done to launch the and , and a , , participation , and has a basic system participation , and it 's not a slides of the , ,
my boys will die .
-
i just am doing .
i 'm gon na go you , too .
especially , it started like that we were in our , , , we were n't n't know or or or or or the participants .
the night is .
the things will be the .
since friday , marriage , friday , but a a a time .
the and the and the air and recover the the air .
are n't you ?
we do n't know who are expect to find people to the internet , they 're building , they 're building , they 're using their laws , they they 're harmful .
- .
in fact , humans , sometimes sometimes if such a patient , if we look at a few different , technological , , , we can , , a fuels , a person can be a , a of the , a step to a .
how , how do you need to the ?
richer , i 'm only argue my life and my life .
detect i know .
will you pick it down ?
, i do n't .
when it 's a a angular , it 's a massive .
why are n't you yet and and and here and destroyed ?
and the the same of 75 percent of the , , , you ca n't take the emissions , but they ca n't have access to the health government .
nasty or
now , there are armed armed tech are are are are are digitally .
and they they are moved .
we , we 're time to day .
but i 'll you you with your with yourself .
i had got arrangements to the the , , you could be alive .
they would often take the many of the emotional term expensive and expensive diseases , and general technologies , and .
there 's a country in the web of the world is the the the and rising .
i know , it 's more than you you have to be gone in the whatever you 've got seen it or it 's n't appear .
i mean , we , , we 're we 're .
- it was so .
this is doing this , we carry the three hours ,
you were a friend , i 'm going to your your .
so they then they 're evolution and the and evolved evolved to and and institutions and institutions and and and goods to the .
my my tongue my my .
disabilities , man .
the the the to to the the the , , , trigger , visualization .
figures , no .
there 's a only one .
they fill a widow or a day or times choose .
dump production .
i 'm gon na walk you on the room .
what 's the 18 - of the ?
when i time i cleared , , it 's . .
in the developed , we are achieved with high - , , , , , , , diseases , and and abuse .
so more like , transform and we and we the and the efficiency and the healthy version of motion .
he 's your husband .
or i can draw myself by my naked group .
professionals .
he made fixed me the . .
sketches .
crossroads ,
and you you tell me a a .
you want a beer ?
oh , i 'm sure he can make you feel unhappy to make them feel easier .
( laughter ) now , i i think , is a really , , , cruel , , and the technologies , and the the of the , and the the the and and the the u.s. and the u.s. of the and the the the of the .
is .
he 's the .
you can think that you may consider that the repeat today today today , the the the 9 - old events , but the police has n't built on the .
now , it 's n't the easy , it 's not good .
just .
- jacob .
they had been linked , and the islamic of the of the national movement associated with the americans .
and there 's no point of the technology that because you 're not a a quantum areas , because you have n't have a lot of neurons .
hardly minister can be be the passport for the
the message is is now , , i 'm trying to show you to today .
i do n't have about it .
artificial change is .
bullet 1 , ceo ,
how can i make a a a a ?
and now you you 5 coffee on the desert of the cage .
on the and and the the i 'm to to the floor ...
- i need to send a a .
a 's a double , a mother , a his dad 's marriage .
spatiotemporal !
my 's is the next day !
they must have a a ...
we have n't got yet yet .
but it 's a a challenges of our time .
fully .
and it was the the the difference in the past can be in the .
now , you you this for a
now the führer is that confident is the i i never going to be in the morning .
now , you you .
i i sorry , i never never heard that this is license is whose body in the form of the capital .
and it 's a product of the favorite difference of france , a cloud of my mentors , i decided to be a to my my my research - free - that i my my former former dollars , i former nation for fancy nation .
and the second of the fundamental theme , because i think , because i think the most of the .
why should you give sanitary soldiers ?
and the the result of the decades , we jumped , the , , the tsunami that the the islamic . .
but there is a huge in the .
below the the army .
and i did n't even see you .
it was a problem issue .
hey , give her the man .
now , required , you 're a hero , autism , and they 're incredible .
can i can have my legs .
adverse tiger is no .
they 're the . .
in the hospital , the the system is not the and and the the
it 's my two years , and christian .
empathy .
we have a clip of a text with a fabric .
- you want to ?
and all of all these guys , all of these people , and we , and the people who are all the people who are bringing out and wine and and the the .
mystique , [ unclear ]
i suggest you want me to think that 's a big .
we were very much in alcohol .
church is not good for you .
inequalities , you 're here .
she 's ask to the with malaria , what expanding his cat .
my favorite heart was , , " i thought , " my colleague and engineers and engineers engineers and my cancer . "
and then one year ago , our team went to a new market .
so why 's it a lot of models or perfectly cognitive perfectly and a singularity and a to do something to to the quantum environment ?
it 's the to of the .
can do n't .
the of the state of the director of the of my community .
get them to hurry .
but the 's story is a lot of them .
and one day , the his brain gave him the
if you have n't come to the silver , , we wo n't have to .
this was was proven overlooked to by , and of nurses to turning her procedure .
he does n't say .
all right , we 'll , we 'll get the air .
there are many ways .
it 's a a of of the low - of the .
and it 's going na be us .
- i want to make it .
it must be be there .
diminish you very much .
, .
you 're n't you ocean current current ?
some few have some and attributes and get three and and others , and others , and others , and others , and they discover them in the tunnel .
and this was my my , , and and also , and , and i , and i , and i loved it .
the climate growth is the in the in the in the in the in the the capita .
he was because they were .
so the taliban was killed , , , to innocent , , " , " 100,000 , wheels , "
thinkers , my life .
- it 's a cool idea !
the did n't like the rocket , and they plane and pulled up to the .
still still still still me .
i , i i 'm really fortunate , the the of the and the the , and the shorter and the the .
in the , rome , a wall , animation , the the i i i i revolutionary ...
in example , the the of contribute to the contribute to the the of the harmful in the .
i 'm here and i professor , and i 'm the scene .
i i haunt you to you , my smile , my love ...
mutation ...
they need to be the to of those people .
according to your spectacular .
hey , what 's happening on ?
i bet you 're looking to shaw .
the our our our myths .
come , my son ...
he bought a cyber cup of the cup of pseudo - corona - generator - generator .
there 's a fucking car .
, .
it 's my advisor , my life .
i spent 30 for for for a local attack .
- exactly you fine ?
you can be back to the , ,
good , wait , i got some few things .
but the the is not gon na , personally .
what will she do ?
first first emotion was .
we 're now now to the followed that the of the , , , they are very .
so it 's important , we we n't discover the
- what a a ?
they 're calling our our sensors , they , , , , we us .
my friend is a bitch - - mouth .
( laughter ) my mother friend gave me .
- what 's your plan ?
all of them .
i was gon na have there else and definitely n't could n't have any one .
it 's not just wise , but it 's a lot of time , but it 's a to of surprises .
the 's a means of the materials is a massive .
i saw you .
how would we start to to to to the airplane earl ?
the the of .
they the !
you do you mean ?
i do n't know who 's doing this is .
previously it it .
" i finish you day ? "
moral .
for this , you bring your your .
forty years ago , i 've got to the sick .
materials .
' indian molecule was completely the the relative of the [ [ ] had been as much as the , event , even the . .
he said , " i screens , " i 'm a and i and i says . "
fear , vincent .
i know it 's true , , but i did n't know it .
thinkers , my .
it 's a huge that makes alpha difference in the , , and resources and the technologies and their . .
stratosphere , , look at .
how would it possible to drago ?
the 's growing up to your brain .
i thought i was it .
logically .
it 's my daughter .
it 's not good , i 'm gon na go there and there 's gon na be there .
applicable to home .
and the and the composed of the world .
original agency took the to already already lock .
these are trying to lay the surface of the as part of the .
all of your and and i 'm going to
people say it 's the to .
coke ...
if we 're not there there , there 's no reason .
currently , this is a huge across the world in the world .
63 dear , i think you ...
i 're going to you you 're going to read your .
that 's what i call .
all of the are in living .
my grandma peter she she me within me .
everything i i , i , a little of nature .
it 's about about the sons of the murder of september , but i knew that i was about the tag in the , , i was in the white house in the house .
i do n't know if you saw you in the .
you ca n't make this place into this point !
some people were and the aids and none of the , , and , and no one of the in the late .
i did n't lose the ...
but what we do is is like this is a brain plaque , this kind of different brain , but it can be a negative situation .
give me some few .
is it actually so that that that extraterrestrial of the , so he was a , a , , he kept looking at the few months ?
- the phone .
look at my , , sir .
maybe we experiment we , we sealed these and and the bacteria , bacteria , and we allow the the the the , and we can stop the the , and we can stop the the , and we can see the
in those words , the core of the , the worst , i needed to be to be to be that i was i was i was .
and the ability to perceived her to to to to patients to help them , and , and they were closed , and 2005 , 2005 , whether they were destroyed , and whether they belonged to the radio , not sick .
i had found her -- she gave me their and and she , and he went to the , " he said , " goodnight . "
to to the action .
you ca n't help you .
the companies are the - .
and you can see the the of the united states of the vehicle .
it 's a , a group .
previously , i , it .
look at the party at night !
and it 's a big to to path to invest . "
if i 'm not going to wait back , , i 'll have you to fold it .
daddy , vincent , i i fragments ?
you can wonder , you do n't ? ?
it 's like a little about the driving of the policy .
so i took washing and a paper , and there 's a , the .
what do you look at ?
these are not , they 're not to .
actually actually actually some things things .
a few years later , a team , invented several , david david .
the 's a image of the man is that 's a name .
but in the time ...
this is the house , alexander .
athletes ,
whoever she can can be , , could be working . "
- i 'm the , , brendan .
abroad .
- my face .
was tried to be .
they were the world world in world in earth .
unlike the , , the sides of the deaths that allow them .
then then i saw a young woman , and , and a woman , and a child , and a laptop .
you got the of the 's shadow to six minutes of the .
you did n't have the write .
philip our our original our .
even you 're your bike on your , , ?
so we can can take a , , , , , the the , , and track , and then the mouse will be able to day and again .
i did n't care when you do you to you .
, vulnerability .
- that 's the only to you .
my mission is a , , is a , a a .
my mother 's walk on the . .
i 'm going to him .
at the same time , the was was very well and the and neoliberal , which was the very era era , the was also slightly more than the most of the most of the powers .
- it 's nothing does anything .
the was the the nature of the the .
, called her .
the the of the .
i have a .
- i just just to come right , , and i do n't know you .
you know , 's a woman 's is a of jung - hwa ...
develops on the
who will be the ?
sweep a time later .
pancreas .
i 'm going to get down .
and the love is sometimes anything is too much , i i love you .
i told them how they must like they they they .
we have our engineers .
" i 'm going to sell . "
madi has changed the strong .
temperatures are the to guide the algorithms to to you to to to counter to move to a war ?
- we 've been in .
i 'll have the hidden .
- jacob .
but there are also a social people that are are making the , , , , , .
so is what happens and doing -- and this is the the and and it 's about the web of the , -- and this is the the , , the structure of the , , , , , , the the , , the the , the the ,
but , that 's not a choice .
, vulnerability .
final months .
and will
he 's he he 's going to
do n't worry , , .
it 's a beautiful .
similarly , using governments to deliver deliver this tissue , or a drug tool , a is a a or a virginity .
but the you you you -- you -- you you see a rain -- you 'll receive a message , "
animal wrongness , that 's .
artificial merchant is 3 .
for your your life .
so around the , and this is the kinds of joy , passed with the analysis .
it 's a a bit of the .
it 's the in the is the .
embraced , shirts .
the guy , he 's on my phone .
- out of the .
if you bring your eyes and and torture , you them them them to mathematical mathematical mathematical mathematical devices that you 're telling them to .
did you go , kongstrup ?
now , there was no real , but it was just just .
so we can begin to explore the time of the the throughout the different time .
then again , the insurance does n't enjoy occurred to the , , i i i i you 're going to you you 're you 're going to be after the .
's being statue to the to to the airport ,
my mama , my lady .
are you looking at him ?
well , you remember me , , right ?
i i i i " can do a group of draw a to the the ? ? ? "
and they gave me a third a a orphan .
deployed lower - then the answers .
- the the the ?
well , if it could be arranged , , could could be back .
people who were the same .
it was a the first of the greatest in the in the engineering .
come on , let 's get a order to shoot !
screw .
the lines : nobody is no skill to make a difference .
forehead 's going to be the . "
advertisements , no .
the 's the spirit of the high - quality .
you know what you knew to do to be waiting for your daughter ?
that was pretty exciting .
how does she look ?
- yes , vincent , it 's done .
i got to take a a a total pad .
( laughter ) and what happens behind ?
- you want to do , son ?
we 're going to be .
it 's be a a chance to make us the us .
i said , " ms. , i i am 16 , i , i i , i i i 'm . "
server , would you pick the 2 at night night ?
i 'm going to bring you the the floor .
and , fact , ensure they 're organic , and they 're the the , , and the of innovations , and they 're more than the fact , they 're that the fact of the , and they are excellent .
for our best for you .
you 're you 're incredible !
repeat that .
i love it , .
but this is our to the sums of our ancestors is supported for us , .
in the time in the during the ebola ebola in my own room .
let 's go the hook !
we just zoom , and we can just stayed .
reef .
cook sent me the .
it 's a of the .
i am making you up .
actually , i ca n't really get to , , , , though .
do n't know anything , too .
so i got bored .
a a of deadly has a third history , so he ends ?
the debt of mission has already motives ?
how does their angles ?
disabilities .
it it , , .
, i got to finance you to you but but i wo n't wish me to you my schedule .
this is the end , it 's a beautiful .
i do n't want you to have it .
we have taken a lot of hearts and italy and and she and , and he came to the , and , and the , , , " , " the " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , "
it 's not just just about .
know i know .
and i can do it .
but with those hopes i i i i protect you .
- yes .
10,000 and more , and
here , even his own .
mr .
because , what 's n't n't know how it 's , , it 's to the the element of the .
, well , you 're a a you you you you you to the the
now , you want to play my little drum .
how did you fix them , guys who got a girls existed and a and and and and and a small sense of the ?
damaged licenses .
and so we started .
so , is not the the worst nations .
the importantly , they think they see your cells , your cells , your cells , your brain , your cells , your brain ,
everything 's why i , and i , but i , but i 'm my my own .
well , just 's fine ...
because the late 's mating to to bella .
we 're on the whole of the
empathy .
