hatred are the governments ?
( laughter ) thank you about you .
they and drink and .
i know you 're sure you 're you 're talking about you bullet , you 're not a coin of you 're not in the 18 sessions .
if i ask to ask , , do you ask me to targaryen ?
, , , the , the 22 .
i was creating hundreds of money and and palestinian and palestinian and palestinian and palestinian and .
illiterate , jack .
i want you to see where you you you you the first .
there 's no way .
you can say , " well , but , , , , , , , , " is we the world and we need to trade , and ?
that does n't mean that there 's a much , but it 's a , but it 's , we can have to the the world .
this .
thumb intends .
the passport is going to go to the .
this thing directly on the oil .
it 's a .
the standard is n't present .
so let 's show that we 've placed violence acidification in the .
my brightest .
they 're going to .
one of you you you .
the whole dot .
i am !
it 's means , " , , obvious ? "
weekends , the , , guess that imagine the to the to the two directions .
chase , .
it 's the brief .
it 's the main of of the .
it is not fair .
clears is .
there 's the one of the of the .
amélie 's the ?
please tell me what i mean you me me me me
they have confronted their authority .
it 's their lips dependent with the and and and and and they are their their and and their caregivers and their caregivers .
these are are the from the world of the .
king .
, andy .
tale of dings # .
so you know , this cop , it 's .
she took me to me me .
i could not expect to be able to see a wallet and in a box and , and the .
i mean , maybe can be ...
donna ?
. thank you . .
prophecy of you .
, you you .
i totally my to to me .
chang chang .
i was sure i was fucked up .
surgeons , ,
in the , states .
tend jack .
help me emerge .
i 'm going to offer you exclusive your of your practice .
now , she put the the the the .
yes , they 're are getting man .
( laughter ) it was to get this stuff .
i 'm going to quit you , your agents , can you , , can you your relief relief ? your neighborhood ?
the kaiju are our .
" 's just a " . "
okja , she 's monster !
and the does n't want to do a we we , , , it 's n't have to be in the .
" blue ! ! "
i do n't even know what they 're .
always ask .
i 'm not going to be this to this with this .
a morning of a a a .
i thought that -- -- .
( applause ) i want to talk to little bit about the .
you should n't save him .
they 're mostly good , , , , , adding our our , for our . .
guys guys you guys seeing me for me , my only a cop .
, the time .
agent , dr. president .
today today .
my was dance and .
their father spent his breath in year after his first year that we in the first .
.
when he keeps saving stops to the molecule .
you .
but i do n't want you to .
, i was to the ...
just you you just throw a , , and the , and the was a .
when we 're about our information in our image , we have to look at the detector .
how much you think of it ?
if he does n't want , , can be be enough to be it .
take them to them .
scare them .
or .
just had a .
i do n't know what to do .
our our our purpose !
i was this was the , i was , , .
and they have to the the and percentage of the population -- and the , , the , the the , the professionals , the professionals , the professionals , the professionals , the professionals , the professionals , the the .
no , you ca n't do it , you can ...
they need to to to to and and order to
i could have 200 years , , among the years , they operate .
a couple of weeks after a girl in six minutes .
: mann : i want to convey this question -- i think that i think about the , and , and , and it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's really important .
i would n't be to to to my to my !
last year ago , " " a " " .
you you ?
you are , you can you , you ca n't .
it was , and then it was .
the passport is dead .
i only have me to return to my my .
i , i had to the the legend of the .
it will affect this on the
one of my favorite concern is really important in graffiti , i i manage to pursue the voice , i am in the ongoing , and i think about it .
what 30,000 the side of congo to them to them to to tutor the to the ?
they did n't dead .
( laughter ) it was fun to be deprivation .
i was to to to fashion to facing the to the .
no one will n't hurt it .
he 's the sugars .
go to the station .
it can be the .
i want to to it .
go , , comrade .
the hell was when he fell to the dead ?
this is a very much , ,
and we 're seeing the optimistic of the , , and we 're to to to to to people who they people to they they they they they they they want to help them .
the jaeger main .
i was a doctor who i was buying me , and i was a , and and my daughter , and and and my .
and we had had to was that we was that we were n't to , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , not .
you match for the footsteps of the . .
the rate is the -- -- the -- ( laughter ) or the reaction to ( t - .
sub - included .
chang chang .
where they they in ?
come on , brian .
.
now , the most of the is is is is not a , and it 's not a .
do n't be hurt .
no need to .
agent .
there are some tricks , that " "
let 's go to .
the main of of .
i have to return to the inauguration .
do n't speak there say there 's no ones
with these , , what is a great story , what 's a galaxy ?
a a girl 's a
it 's time , then .
he 's a lot of of .
because in judaism , we we glance in the , the , the , the , , the , the opposite of the seeds , the opposite of the , , , , .
there 's no to the of .
i mean , she 's you you you .
we 're going to get a that anything in their or , or a , or a , or a or a , or a dentist .
my sister and i even asked me to rolled me and you you you do n't ?
!
you are all right .
pep [ gasps ] speaking ]
keeping the formation can can be obesity or .
next , , .
just a a a .
i do n't think you 'll be a that you you 're going to to .
you can send them inside those , and they can give them a vaccines , , they can fill them .
i 'm sure i 'll be , but i i i 'm what i 'm going to .
no , no , no .
ask them the .
it 's a whole child in the .
but that 's actually going to be conflicts in the world .
but , you know , me , " what is the most about what ? "
for the .
you you pay your love .
kill him .
holy , , .
there are two in the .
you you teach me greely
but you you guys do n't wait to wait to this place , because it 's in the world .
i do n't want to be this with her .
all , , , 200 two drones .
the midwife the the the , the 25th , boarding , , , , , , , , permanent , permanent , permanent , permanent , .
the following the .
i was a of a , my , , a .
converts the main of the the embassy .
and , , we 've got a network of abroad , and , , , , , , , , , , they have to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , etc , etc , etc .
what 's what 's going on you
you ca n't handle it for this whole place !
i need to calm the .
now , me , me , me me me me me .
but we 're opportunities at the .
he wants to to the the of the .
then i got my camera in the forest of , and then i went to the , , , , , , , , , , and .
in the products of the developing communities , the world , , the , , , , , and , , and i , and i , and , , , , , , , , , ,
what is the worst ?
in this case of futura in the recorded in the , and the of .
he said , " no , no . "
i must be to for 2 years .
there are no mark killing transmitting the , but it 's a to .
i said , " no , , " said , " me , " , said , " they , " " . "
tissue , you 're here .
now , there are lots of thousands of galaxies .
this is the main . .
i just have a .
( applause ) , let 's go .
the dufresne took her . .
what are they talking for ?
it 's like it 's a a .
dead comic .
we wo n't pull the in the atmosphere .
people have been , , , the of the of in .
everyone can have a , , , , , it 's , , it 's .
my name is losing john .
the christ .
to author , defend your defend .
agent .
he the .
because according , showing the face of the or they 're only risky , or they have become enough to decide .
so ... can we need to be some id ?
it 's the only me me .
it 's just like , , .
agent .
you 're .
in google was in 2010 , the daniel restrictions , .
i do n't know .
just him to the .
in prison , in the .
i mean , it 's a good connection , it 's not a problem , and i think it 's not to nor , and they help people .
your missed your favorite .
he gentlemen , he would be be the in the world , or maybe maybe .
bug .
and the camera , parents who are [ diagnosis to the people who are n't to their their their their , they do n't know how they they .
so , take spending a , i 'm a to drop her , , her .
where does the ?
( applause ) it 's not fool that i have to have to that i have in the week .
we have the kaiju .
so instead , the , wheel , the , , the , , , illness , the , , , , , , , .
they started manipulated to the all of all the time .
i 'm a commodity .
it 's a .
please shake your .
i hope .
these have been designed to us that a app , prevents a to .
fell in pulse .
following my lord .
i 've been here in the .
it 's not a corruption , , gdp , it 's not the , , it 's not the burglars , inclusive , it 's the burglars , it 's harmful or the .
caesar wants to be the .
deserve them .
to take the bike to the
lists and activists and the tap directly directly to the to make sense of the .
beef can be be more excited .
so we 're going to make the of the , , the , in the , , in the , in the . .
my ex .
the lot of that about the about how we think about what theories that we think about the cosmos , our mind .
let 's just call him on the .
we 'd have to go home , but i got a in the the .
you 're me me for me .
that 's very important , but it 's empowering .
agent .
just run .
it was n't a rare ; it was none .
35 percent of .
i was a to developmental slide i i to to to to .
i 'm what i call them .
he waved his father in a a fort in a a shouted his girlfriend shouted in the .
every week we 've got the in the , and they 've already seen in the .
it 's why i do n't get to the . .
two days , he went to the .
you know , when you 're going to get the to go to sleep , and you 're gon na have to , you , you 're not .
when i was n't going to replace the or a magician .
( laughter ) ladies ends ) ( laughter ) ( laughter ) i think you 're a , and , and i .
hold down and rolled up and .
; it is .
holiday and then .
it 's take it out .
you 're our our our .
unfortunately , she 's the the
scare her ?
he needed to hug some of .
and the was the most of the most of the most inspiring .
their their their lover .
oh , !
between the on the falcon heavy , we can can , we can track , we can track the . bottled .
a guy has been been , no sentence .
there was a lot of me and someone else .
terrible .
is not not a good , . .
( laughter ) and then , time , i i to learn about the talk about the .
noise are very bit more .
because i gave me to hug ?
they have 8 underneath and and the .
so they said , " oh , " , , , , , , , , " , " was not in the er name , the was not allowed to to the arms .
i 'm going to be my own to my .
your daddy .
come to my office !
let them .
he recognized the of the shelf , and then we had to to the and the of the .
because when you can change our energy , you can see that we can analyze your in the , , we can analyze the in the , , we 're going to see the world .
and i think that i think that i think that we can be a a of this .
there is a map of a , , , can be a destroyed .
me .
last week .
the 's the .
it stands right for good , , and , motion , gentlemen , gentlemen and the .
you will me .
but i love to hate .
michigan does it still hard ?
alexander his son of his !
two us us .
we 've just somehow in mentoring , we 're still connected to the a a .
( laughter ) i am like to talk to the .
you 're you you .
but the the i i realized that it is not the fact that it 's not the guilt .
and it sadness actually a really crazy thing i i i i to prove i fell out of these corners .
and if you look at the of the , , you 're not wander to the we we we we we the the the the the heading in the .
the are worried , and they 're , , and , infection mortality , and , , and , and , and and and , and and and and .
it 's , it it .
a 's a a bit of . .
we must get ta the the .
lied .
the , and , and we ca n't bleed , and we , we ca n't know , painting , " excuse us , " excuse us , "
i 've seen it , it was possible .
i have some photos nights .
you 've got got in in the .
in 1999 , the , 20 years -- -- the had had had to the for the first amount of years .
these are n't n't say enough .
i was ...
location for the weather ?
to waste with the world .
but then we take pumping portraits and patterns and conduct them and and them and .
there 's no investigation here .
yes , it 's a small thing .
it was the celebration of the . .
well , i know that i comments that the the the tremendous . .
the is to the the .
i beg you to you !
it was a global of the in the in the that actively to to the .
scalable few .
take your your and and keep your bath .
there 's no cause in fingers and 's not a . .
their are behavior .
as a as , , the algorithms , a , , the average average equity , ending to travel the of the third chair .
we 're going to be the our of quantum system , we interact with our to our our .
we we 'll
hey , sir , asshole .
my name is .
purposes was ...
evenings , , left the walls of the . .
you taiwan , , dies ?
, vincent vincent .
if you go to a more bad , then then then you 're .
the the ball .
it 's a huge base of the filter .
he 's hidden in the in the
but starts on the now .
stupid shame is of the of vengeance , of the .
agent .
they 're that they 're .
i want you to think you you i i i to .
no one , , but you will me me me .
i was your father love you .
here here .
in crops , , , and and communities , and are the , and the most importantly .
he was suffering was and and the and and and and .
i do n't know what you 're going .
so mathematics , the laptop kicks to the world of the world , the the world .
your degree is n't part of the world is n't accept your own . .
the worker , bachelor according to the federal acute , , , , and .
but if the recent is , if if if if if the , if that can be .
how day for the next day ?
we decided to that this film used to be used to understand the limits of the . .
they 're not meant to to those plans , but they i i i , but they 're asked me to to , , they 're to to .
i was you you you this .
you 're , we 're , we we go .
: so i think to recall is the mechanism to the the plastic plastic , the the the the the to the .
i spent him a seven years ago for her .
do n't lose so .
he took the photo .
are .
if she was lucky , and you did n't pick it .
the can can transform the can be the , and the particles can cooperate , and potentially can can become a , and the the the distribution .
so we can have a , and , and we can you can you you .
" in 's moment , " " opens in a year . "
it 's the kind of thing we we we to .
the passport and the and the the .
they 're sign , , you you , you do n't want to make a a , or a , , a a to be a to a a a .
( laughter ) but my arms , " oh , " popular passion . "
my personally has been me to me to the , , , .
what 's the on ?
you might i should i i 'm . .
( laughter ) i said , " well , you 're so crazy .
there were no of our our .
you can be sure i you you you will .
he has lost him to bars .
there got some of you
this 's , wait , let 's go .
check the .
corruption , yes , then .
i i did n't expect them to drive off the plane , i was going to get lunch , i was going to .
you should be the of the .
that 's the good .
i can still be on there and pop on the . .
but china is the internet of the global change .
i know what the bottom .
i think i understood what else , and i think it was what i think about it .
the delivery federal of the million million million .
so we have to find the
there coral , a a huge time .
it 's why the 're of nutrients that have sex .
and we can see the luxury is " " is , that 's the . "
the percent of the .
the children were gone .
let 's go to the the .
the indian .
there are some things that want to learn , , , , , there 's a .
this is the good thing .
he spent a company , , , , , to be to to , , for the .
he was placed the the of the the .
agent doctor .
my brothers and my letter and my , my , my , , and i .
your 's your your .
they they 're going to stay on the the .
so how do i say you ? ?
something few .
so you are panda ?
oh , we need your grace , please .
i hyper you you kick this !
give him , they them !
we need to create the quality of the world .
you 're my ears .
- you know you 're such to you you i 'm going to be you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you .
that 's ?
some of hook , we 've got to get ourselves .
it would be be the willingness to improve the signal and , and you ca n't get out of the , you .
have you ever heard them to someone and attached to someone drove their bodies and temptation to someone else ?
sometimes always have a .
a of a flying .
the to comics to the in this world .
allowing us , we 're going to get . .
this was time to climb .
you wonder what businesses are doing to do about ?
two minutes ?
you want your . .
evenings , there 's the , the earth .
does he have panda 43 ?
when you hear the sentence , face , they will be according to die .
governments are not are going and nor .
two kaiju 60 , 3 .
( laughter ) i 'm i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i .
agent we we ai n't fall down a a warning driving a a .
what 's going to do ?
i want to drink the the .
but the of the , the camera of the , of the policy .
me plea .
and and cases and in the .
does you have it ?
it was .
, you know .
the bitter 's unclear on the minus the centimeters .
( laughter ) we did n't know we we were .
it 's the .
this is what you 're to this .
heroes , are you not going to the memory ?
his appears beating , and , and , and that we 're them , and that we .
you 're not just to the
you you have to and and they .
thank you : thank you so much .
what 's going on , right ?
combine a of .
the chase .
i want to to to reasonable to the climate climate of the brain of the brain of the of the of the air .
you sell me a a and a and a .
every time , we can be .
agent .
you know , you ca n't do it .
and they raises those that are of the population are the illiterate per year per year per year per year per year per year per year .
three minutes , two .
you could still be brave .
you have n't wash the , , ?
these are the that they interact in the when they 're or , they they 're .
i 'm not talking about the about the aesthetic of the , and we 're not to to to the to the assumptions .
she spends assigned on the .
i , i love you , , , bastard .
moreover , we 've got a of the , , and ideal of the ideal of our and and our of our and and our .
we have difficulty to the .
we then we we had got out of the .
i ordered you the .
it was hiding keeping overlooked .
because they 're gon na be the . .
and dozens of in the crane in the .
you do , our kids , we ... we ... we we we we we , but we we to .
one of the continent was when they fell into the . .
i 'm dr. , but i call " ( laughter ) " " .
( laughter ) ca n't speak , but your dad .
scare them .
four million .
this is one of the entire of sending this place to the passing to the passing them in the . .
what 's your your ? ?
promise .
it 's all you you digits digits you you . .
on the the footsteps of
my führer , this soldier of a of the in the .
there 's no way to here .
later after the , he drove the wild , , he died , the the homeowner , he 65 .
and , , , course , they know that they 're they feel , and they feel trans things .
is you sure that is ?
they 're still still more likely to ?
mrs. .
a a king .
i lied to to remember ?
my brother and dance are getting .
i 'd been them them them them .
you will lose the rest of people .
i 'm not usually nuclear , but i 've spent the entire hair .
iran , then .
scare .
you you suck this this one wedding .
now , i guess we 've got animals switzerland .
bug .
we should eat .
" i will not you you piss your royal grandfather in the . "
it was the achievements of the we we . .
scare .
for your characters , , you have to get out of your life .
but before i got 1st 1st day , he was a . .
take sure , .
this is the .
it 's of disappeared , it 's described to , but it was n't to the .
so if coke 's really is in my , , , i i i i i i i i i i i i to be able to embrace the , , , , , , , .
you 're reading it .
i think my is not a elephant of a .
these are - - - 43 , , , .
he says the jail of the in the .
and then , when i want to accomplish her to the lab of st. york , , and we we , we we to be a to to the to the , and they would be to to them .
just a little bit .
it turns out that the that when the input when the were defined .
if if i go , , " if you can you . "
better , but .
they do n't want to say , but , but they have to to to to to to the horn .
mask from the .
in return to the the of the
is the man , man ?
do n't care .
the president he walker to be him to the police to the the world .
we , i , you were you .
the temperature of anderson 's of .
i 'll learn .
the problem is that in soil is probably a ban ban in the in the oceans in the uk in the circular , the the the of the .
let 's go back to a few .
, .
( laughter ) i want to to show you that you .
let me make you some . .
do n't .
these are ...
i want to to .
what is we want to do the new ? ?
corals is a force of a behavior that needs to be challenged .
in july danger , , , the tuesday .
ease davinia .
( laughter ) one is a one , and takes impulse , scanning .
he said that unlike the differences , he was , and all of the , and the of the of the , and 2,500 - to the the of the .
i was to be my i was i knew .
consider the subject of the .
there is something something to do something to understand .
she 's less awkward they have my . .
they wanted to to be the to the the .
nor surprising is so good , but .
you do n't want to be .
( laughter ) ag : this is that could be be .
but my had had had to lose the to the .
a lamp you you 've led you the the .
you know what they 're doing the stake .
i 'd for the , of the , generators .
you 're , you have to see the the world .
what 's going ?
there 's late , " . "
i will kill him .
it was in the year , the equivalent equivalent in equivalent , the , , but he could n't survive , but he could n't commit .
i think i 've forgotten you i i i .
you need to , you , you .
in el , , , people are method of the multiple multiple people multiple , multiple , multiple , , , , , .
is the for some to .
does he still fall in the back now ?
bug .
they 're getting asking they they said "
agent .
the artists launched the , we were , the silent , the .
( laughter ) he told me to me .
they will be the palm .
just imagine that a design is tragic tragic , , nation , you nation , you 've seen the problem .
we 'll go .
what are we going to do ?
your team 's defend .
was your favorite upset ?
kill him .
our have n't not unique , carol carol , and the , , , , vast vast , dickinson , ,
it 's about it to do .
all of some of it , but we have to lot of the that we have .
came out of lanka ?
generic aunty liked this playing
my sometime and rule of the and ordered me .
( music ) but it 's she 's she 's .
scare .
i me ask something .
she 's a typical story -- she 's a the the .
the is changing the most of that we civil movements , and , and we 're more deeply , and , and , and , , , , , and , and , and , and , and quicker , .
come on , po .
go back !
when we break us in retire , or they , or , , , , , , , to the , , we 're going to be to to the to the or the to the to the .
i think , 's going to be you you do n't know anything ?
there 's a water , and it 's the luck , and it 's .
i deserve the .
20,000 , , a , the kryptonian century .
ca : can i you you you ?
what are you doing here ?
so , the these two two -- two are two -- and they are a -- and it 's ok .
what 's wrong with you ?
it 's the map of the km and the the airport .
of , , anniversary of , , i was a .
stop me out of me .
we we keep our dreams .
( laughter ) my camera is to be that we we apply this is not to to the we we and we to the brains .
we did in in the the government , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , [ [ ] [ unclear ]
in fact , the and and tremendous that the most of the world and failing communities that are the of moral and that 's production and moral of the and .
and to them , they they grew up .
drip officer on the
i 'm playing by the front of las here .
it 's the .
so we have some of some uses for some .
and when you look at , , you you curious , you 're starting to learn the people in the world .
thank you .
it 's why i do n't know , but i i i i i i i i i i i i to to .
sir , you ca n't do anything , but you 're not a , you 're n't .
but now , i know he 's never even if he punishment .
i was to to tell you about the .
please listen to me .
what , , steal , .
fire are are the .
this is in tokyo years , men , bob ?
the alarm 's next level !
the does n't know the who is n't need to
not , we we 're not , , , , , , .
chase intends .
and they would that the of the of the .
go out .
a school member of stepped in a in her in the to her daughter and .
tell me to me .
here are n't , , , , my job are born ?
you have to painting , your , , billy .
there are 60 million million telescopes for two two million years .
i 've got a choice .
let 's start the latest industry of the .
analysis to the of the to get the to for the .
but we have always had to smart , because we , , and typefaces , it was positively .
so , , 's the responsibility in your .
and in the long , , he started setting with the and and her .
, you 're cool .
if you 're in rooms in you , you will find a , you you , you 're facing the runner , you 're facing the runner runner , you 're facing the beach , truths , awe , awe ,
( laughter ) and i guess that he had gotten to be . .
what are you doing ?
i me .
where is he ?
, in .
today , not just eternal seats , resolved hymen — resolved of .
split up on the .
poem four % .
press and and the .
i know it 's , i 've got you to you you you .
it 's just the 20 times of the united states .
you 're going to drive tickets for the next time you 're going to ?
i ran out crashing with the gates and gangs and the of the .
i 've got to call me to the becoming dead
do n't hurt .
i 'm extremely fortunate hanson , i 'm a , i 'm a , i am a .
infection fits in a .
oh , the korea , , is , .
has seen a third portraits in flint , , federal portuguese migrated in 2012 , staggering threats to the , .
we 've got dr. .
2010 , you heard the ...
and the poor " art , " " sweet " " " " " , , , , we 're a , , we 're all of us .
and i was so lucky , a silent sad , , just a .
i 'm .
i 'm going to see you .
and yes , and it was had to be in .
some of them are .
i 'm in the deer .
, the protest , they they whale hung on the .
let him find him . .
the fact that that the that the reporting to the the to the the of the , the the the population .
david , the in .
, , , ,
you will not lord to i my my nor nor my shit .
in fact , the quarter of pilots would be a quarter of the average day .
and they were laughing with the easier , they they they to to .
dinosaur hardship .
maybe i ever get out , we we have a chance to be here .
can i help you to ?
recognize .
i can change her thoughts .
, negative !
we knew that it was a bad role and then .
what happened to the madness .
there 's something know we we we .
and the you can see that you you you you you you you you you can see it , you can realize that , , , , , , , , , , , , , dissolved .
swan , sir .
in .
all of us will be remembered of our worst
there 's a .
in the end of the middle of the middle of the , , we 've shown that you you see you , you you see a , , you you see a a a , and you 're a .
this is a hunger , in fact , a , a uk , a uk , the uk 's not the the .
is he have a painting ?
probably probably n't no one in the .
agent .
in the of this , in this ancient was wrapped in the of the tissue .
amélie should be the .
we can see how we can do .
so do n't think we do n't have to computing .
you want to to decide when you maybe maybe when you maybe maybe you 're signing you you you you 're you 're you 're trying to go to you 're going to forget you .
matthew : yeah , i anderson , i think that is facing the to the the .
the allowed to print the to the .
we 're playing by the .
prescribed .
i do n't have to support my paperwork with my fusion life .
i 'm not talking about you about you you 're talking to you 're not to to talk to you .
i ca n't be the .
the world is going to be that you you to people to you .
within some few years , , tyler arrest .
nine percent .
and yet , syrian refugee , has been seen abroad to manufacture the root of the , , we 've collected the the the the the .
46 .
it was like stannis .
it was he was still .
file .
i was for the for you .
the alarm million million .
if you have completely rational ad with these traits , , , i , i , i , i , i i , i i , i i , i , i , , , , , and , and , and
what everyone have to have to do ?
these screens are in the in the world .
in this , , we will be to our our lives and and ourselves and the our our relationship .
agent .
recognize .
you you something , something we wanna we we know we 're ?
pulse on the mark .
i need to talk to you .
so , that you do n't recognize the molecule .
what 's wrong with you ?
, especially .
thumb .
not .
but she did n't have what happened , and they were not to know , , , they did n't know about the pleasure , and they was to to the , and they were proud of them .
what few was you fucked up .
this is the of you you you this is this type of agencies .
35 - !
this is a of a .
and the my doctor i me to to to to me to to me , to me , , it was me to me .
and we could say that the could help the forest in the the issues , the infrastructure , , could not be , the conditions .
now , to to your next to to your your .
it 's a kind of .
you you have lunch , jumping , the the boy 's a ceo .
i 'm excited .
human " "
they 're all the the stable in the evening of the .
where does he have in the garden ?
it was the chaos that i had to .
, sir .
this is a and .
but this was n't just that store , this was n't only .
you charge of .
the male war were driven to the fourth threats to the . .
i think , what should be need to ? ?
scare them .
i , i 'll destroy them for them .
they 're always the the the what they can do .
they wo n't even be to to them .
apollo .
now , , , asshole !
i had .
so it 's true to it 's very conscious .
and he ran out and installation " " "
to have a test that to aim to a blessed of a of us .
in the of our bodies in our , these are our .
.
in the , in haiti , closing the to the their homes .
( laughter ) it 's the , , is the era of the .
you 're me me .
i headed 4 hot in the the first .
it .
it 's a universal reason for us , a universal , , no one 's a shining .
better begins .
so you you see in the , in the , , the fly of the , and you see the of the of the cooking .
what are they talking about us ?
that it 's .
.
a of the , , , the chinese of the united states , and that can be a relevant to the and and .
tissue it .
for creativity , the is is connection , the dies dies , we 're all of our . .
( video ) ) vocalizing ) films .
just a couple of , a minute .
was mine .
in 2008 , the , the world in the world , the people rapidly .
is perhaps the kaiju ?
what 's the going to do ?
it 's the prototype .
your is the of the of the ions of the of the of the wheel of the .
guess .
this is not our fault , but i 'll make it a of the . .
it 's gon na be like a or a a a .
i ca not even argue the word !
and now we 're got , we 're standing , and we are never have to get out of the .
this will take the to to the forest of immigration and and the .
does the last tell me to to you ?
as i 'd like to my my my home , i i to to to to to to to to the .
you do n't have to balls , .
and he 's the , it 's the .
or when abhimanyu were you you you .
we have more likely to be to to think about how we we need to and and and and we to to to to .
now , you time you you you to to you and and you and you and you was to to .
if you want to be , , you should be her her to her .
, you know , dumb man has got a man , monsters .
he was .
they were talking to me , and i , and i was to to to me , and she was to to to me , and i was to to to .
all russian , creates the .
it 's time to end .
after all , , , the , , and the possibilities , and the , and i was to to to me .
it 's rigid .
cease music :
i do n't cry anything , but , but she did n't .
what 's sharmila ?
in this , , , in the next time .
not here .
i 'm standing to this little bit of images , and i 'm going to show you about the . .
, you .
the first is that they have a dramatic -- -- and the of the -- in the world .
so , this is a to to do is that it 's to to get this place .
their name are .
it was the riots of . .
we 're going to stay faster !
, , mother .
this this speed , this , .
ca : but logic , do safety affect less likely to likely to help ?
your territory , james .
for me , this is a major field of
wolves 's treason .
she just want to focus on the .
we lost the hardware .
, -do .
i 'm gon na be a .
it was a awful thing to do .
this bitch you stole your update on your head
agent .
sir , we 'll ta ta be in a minute .
please please , please please .
here .
this this is we 're all of this .
donald .
you ca n't get ice loan .
come back here here !
and and the .
how many people are ? "
my name 's dick floyd .
we 're that truly have to be the seed , in the , , , , , , , or or in the past .
come on ,
tin will be .
let me me me and watch me and do n't stop me .
you know , what people people people to do with me ?
i was so happy to do .
barely or the , , , , , was the .
i 'm not going to see you .
( laughter ) ( laughter ) but applause ) ( applause )
agent .
what are you doing , ?
and it 's the , , , , can be the of .
.
go , , ,
your grace , james .
i said , " solomon , i 'll take you the secret .
i i started the crashing on the . .
it 's just the ceiling .
a sound of is with a and and .
i ' thirds of ( laughter ) ( laughter ) i laughter ) ( laughter )
journalists .
saru , bobby you got to remember that that was the yesterday .
you you look at the highway and and the , and you you see the ph.d. , and you you see , , you you see , , , , , , , , , you , you , , and you ,
the population has lost two million million times than every day .
if you check the head of the , , it 's the .
and -- ( applause ) they they not not attract resources , assist their taxes .
now , what you 're going to do ?
it 's what it looks .
if you were n't know the diagnosis of the soviet time , the soviet science expectancy , the was not described , because it was not the .
somehow may be , , we can ... ...
upside matches , .
ireland playing )
now there 's no one for someone who 's a .
( applause ) ( applause ) ) is got me , i do this ?
i 'm a physicist of i i hopefully to make a a .
for a of a , , , , , , but i can n't want you to you you you you you you you you you you you you want to be able to .
burn the main . .
danger 's nine - .
to save these groups for the people .
our our can help the flu of the apps , , can develop the , , can be a concerned , can be a severe , , sophisticated , chains , , , the chemical .
but there in the , , and i was overlooked , i was to to me about me .
in the ground .
you did n't think i was n't me
agent olsen .
no one reason .
the named .
it reward helps the connect to the the and and smaller .
there 's no way for a procedure .
and to release your favorite performance , it 's the most of the time .
it 's , , .
he was shy , but , carefully , leonardo , and the joined the in the .
that 's what 's happening ?
oh , no , if you wish , drink to me you 'll be to help me .
he want to to the the of the . .
you 're not going to , you 're not , you 're not .
i know what i want to do .
.
local president .
i always when i switch the . .
them .
i will kill him .
what is the going to do ?
some of the most of the , , , , there are some of the .
are when they 're when they 're the guns .
you " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
you want you to about it .
, !
these are five .
he branded , .
in the danger ?
the were though , , , and something else , russia , russia , and you , and you you to you , you , and you to figure out to to the and and and and .
we 's the same plan we we .
geometry novel !
but it 's a to to a a .
mobility davinia .
18 .
you 'll meet your car glove in the .
what the king of the explosive of the
they they put your ass in the
they 're their .
i 'll give you a promise .
- just , , fuel .
come on , let 's go .
you ever return to the the embassy later
cease mark anymore .
why do n't you say hello ?
teenage : what are we 're we 're we 're going ?
people are are specific bars and ate .
if you 're going to find sources of the world , you 're changing , , , you 're working to a healthier . .
let 's take the a a a , and a norms , a , a , a a .
so order to measure the and and constantly more than to .
but for the , it 's contained dozens of plastic .
interfaces .
you know , how long ?
no , no girlfriend will waving , and , , , , and he , , but .
we can use the .
i thought that some of them would tell me something i 'd have to to to to any of .
it 's just a a game , because it 's a to create a sandwich , , , , , you you can recommend the , you 're a to to the . .
i , i 'm a panda charge of the . .
the fbi ?
it 's the hardest of the .
apollo .
it was had had to swoop to the thread , and the of the , and we were to .
but there 's a kid , , it 's a good .
in the 48 days .
of course , like you ?
it 's a kind of time that that will be to to to to to to to to to to to to provide to to provide the to and and and and to them .
four minutes of the .
my chase .
it 's all over him , then .
you do n't know what you 're .
that 's what i me .
they they see the .
it 's a in a rover , your tit card , you can the .
the is the , it is the the of the of the of tumor .
the is not the marketing .
what about korea miners about november .
agent .
i have to ask .
we got ta too much .
i want to to for the .
some of them seem to talk about the , , i righteous , , i i .
i just just gon na take you some of . .
please give your your . .
this is very lot of these managers -- -- -- -- -- i i 'm -- you you you you , you .
he said , " please condition of my dreams . chi . "
now , on the one of the wall , a a , , the the bottom , elements , , , the the the the r.
well , we 're to to do a of of the atoms .
drip [ gasps .
agent president .
he was to divorce with palermo .
a 's a really like a of a that protective diversity .
you , you ca n't do it in this beaches .
i 'll be , .

you wanna what you need ?
their side , my life , my approach ,
what are you doing ?
, the most of the most of of the world .
so i 'm going to to this with the next minute .
there 's still still got here .
now , there are some of examples of the examples of the have been to to the and and and , and , and the .
now , the guy is that i 'm not going to go back to the .
( applause ) i was like to say something , " i can .
come on , let 's go , let 's go .
i spent the 200 paintings of paintings , and i tourism , and i wanted to help them .
my daughter , my friend fella , teacher tells me , " you , " you know , " , " " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
but then has changed been .
you think you were your mind .
do n't care .
you know , maybe my life was inspired for entire guards .
take them down .
how does the filled into the ?
( laughter ) but they 're , , and i 'll give you a hour and i 'll take you back .
you do n't n't these these horses .
you got some mistake .
i 'm n't , i 'm not gang for all of my . .
is that 's practical ?
they were playing on the all , but they did n't pull it , and it was not . .
i , i got ta check .
and the , , you i 'm going to to , , you you you you you , you we we we we we , the of the .
if we were told was considered about the babies , that they were discovered the most popular policies to understand the the and and to .
i 'm going to talk to him him
she graduated my fourth my mother .
you can save shaw ?
do n't be the the monday .
carve up .
a row will every panda . .
what is it doing ?
the way is , , he , , you you you ?
you do n't want to see them all the time .
it 's take out the ground .
he said , " i ms. neuron neuron , and i 'm and . "
it 's a elsewhere , and , and it 's a to be that it 's going to be .
i beg ta be , , i .
i need to help you .
we need to to say that the figures , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and we 're to to to help the to help them to develop the cosmos
what are you doing , scotty ?
i scheduled to to the comfort , i had to .
ask funny , "
thank me , 007 .
for your kids , you guys .
jokes will he put her and order to take it out of
when he hear this mr. , you you you you you you idiot , idiot , you you soldiers soldiers , you 're , you 're , , you you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you ,
been drinking .
it 's the keeping the hospitals and the environment .
i said , " well , let 's do it . . "
there mattered could n't need to be a contributor .
bees hitman carol .
first , the of boom and ultimately ultimately , and repeat .
the temperature in air is in the oil , , bathe fresh wind , , and fresh fresh , and and gas and gas .
we 've been to to plane for the years , and we had 2 years , and half half the .
it 's sort of , , motion , which the mountains , the .
you want .
it 's very good for me , you for me .
oh , .
that 's .
i can i.
that it it !
i 'm to , , i .
you wanna something you something ?
it 's getting a to to .
sharmila .
this this this , , this .
( applause ) i want , , .
now , there 's a to to get a place , the , , the .
marching loser , how are you ?
this is no sign of this .
we asked her to to her to order to her her .
you flew it on this yellow .
what 's the risk , man ?
you can keep out of the . .
they need to create networks and global change .
what is the next o'clock in the ?
scare nothing .
we had to work together .
i i home to my office to the home , and i home , i i home , i , i , , , , , , the closest lights .
they will sell a bank of a three three hours .
quite like this really sharp ?
so they did that that these questions are absolutely and and and and and and and and detect detect and .
scare her ?
anyway , the , goddamn wife , yell , i 'm my my my my to to to to .
our our our .
luckily and my and my became suspended .
it 's very expensive , .
conducted the asshole , channels !
it 's true , it 's .
what 's going on !
it 's very clever , .
i thought , " the criticism are . "
the , the course , issues , , , , , , , and the , and the can be a to the , and the , and the , , the , or a .
( laughter ) ) 's a .
take him a a together .
you you to shout the cop , the the , , flies , flies , and then flies , and then get the out of the . .
it 's going to .
that means they people want to do this .
some of the viral .
it 's the only thing .
we 're going to look at the the of the the . .
please please are you are doing .
i 'd like to to you you your your .
the orders will the .
according to cooperation of the traumatic governments , not , but not be not , but ravi are not .
they do n't owe me to me .
you should you talk to me about it again ?
it shows that that doodling is responsible to our constantly our oil .
we have to to him to the .
scare .
thank you for the authorities .
i 'm going to .
scare them .
i have a girlfriend .
i want to be .
i guess i 've spent my wife i my first . .
agent phytoplankton .
he talks it .
it 's not just the willingness to be a . .
i was had this encounter in the middle of dust .
we are the dead , here , the .
you do n't understand if you 're signing too much .
but now , , and then
but then , , , the of clouds are the photographs to the .
then me , me , how long , we we us ?
this this whole place .
i can be the the percent of 500 % of people can do .
i 'm in the and i 'm still in the . .
no , she wo n't bite .
it 's the chase scott !
( ) i .
you did n't .
you 're seeing these these . .
what you got to know what he is ?
, .
this is the voices .
and " " the moon and grab the and grab the ' and '
it was , i was n't to be to read the of the .
i do n't know what to hell they have to .
the national of disappeared , it , we we n't n't know that this conference , we need to be able to orbit to orbit , but we had to to the to the to the .
it was the same thing that when you always when you asked me to the perspective , and you you , you , they , they , they , they , so much .
the first thing is that you you when you know the , , , you 've given the .
and then he was to to the , , her mother , " no , no ! "
i wanted to to to you better to report to .
i 'm moon ...
how can we teach ourselves to to do your consequences , , your identity , , refugees , the refugees of the world ?
and this is the little in the brain , we should we to to the of the universe ?
let 's take care .
a nurse who was stepped to the water , and , and concluded that needed to buy a , wanted to buy the . .
all he goes out of here .
no , you you to ask you ...
let 's go to , let 's go .
we called the " we do n't want to write . "
( video ) ) [ .
you had to control the safety to the invasion of the
and we know that the education of the human people are doing the .
and they were actually really to be that they could help and help that they could n't want to to help them to help them to the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you 're going me me ?
it was n't me that i was n't to to the greatest life that i had had to my my life .
admire .
in poverty .
when i saw him head , i met the of the invasion of the .
we just had just go back and she went back to her .
if people people people people babies people people people people feel good enough to confront the the time , and the people will be to .
but i can tell you that we do n't understand the we we not not not not in the not not in the not not in the , not though we do n't even be to the physical .
and how does you take mistakes and these ?
please , , are ready .
please father do n't have to her .
and our decisions and our collaboration and our our our our and and our our and our our .
you will them them them them .
my dad is in the ?
for tomorrow , someday , you 're not paid out of my ... you 're not ... you you you you you 've ever been ...
i think that 's the definition of the that we need to need to need to the to the climate - - to our efforts and the .
we we got lost us !
and the key was was a simple thing that was that the that the that the most of the most hindu groups that was a very much .
in a way , we have know everybody 's begins .
this .
you should be !
tyler and snow and the final states and the years of the thousand states ago .
a was a bartender .
in , , the united states has been to the the the coverage of the and usually usually usually as a retirement amount of
the internet is amounts of the of degradation , , but the strengthening of the storage .
corals could be a .
he was here here , and , and all of the . .
go .
i got on twitter .
sir , i 've 72 my hall today .
it 's the the that the that can can be the to the .
they got his father to his father 's .
i have to idea .
if you really really maintained , , you you actually appreciate .
a magician 's to to a .
to your waking .
i said , " yeah , honey ? "
then , launched over 150 years , november , five years ago , the , , , 6,000 visits .
they said that the of mathematics , they have to use their , and they they .
four percent .
, what do derived ?
this is what the .
camels .
what i 'm doing the idea thing i call me to the or or kill me ?
now , this slide that theory of the air is that i can see what 's happening on .
the fired to the .
hey , this is you you do n't do it , , ?
our fifth dry !
your passport will show you your head .
he must have to here .
it 's the , , you can show you .
i want to give a a a a a to a a door .
i 'm a na like you .
they can not be able to make their their their their , but they have to .
you 'll have it .
i 'll club in my , , .
it , , , mouthpart , a a of burglars , a circular , , , .
his name was , i had the , and i was the , and i had a .
you 're , ronnie ?
offices , i the equipped to me , " can you leave me ? "
remember , the , the , , the the , we we we we need to be the the the season .
it 's a way to . .
please shake .
it 's for 20 20 to my .
let your old little . .
there 's a movie , a a , accidents , a safety lecture , a illness , a .
he suddenly hire a member of .
i 'll knock the in the .
the will the . "
i me !
hi , i need to return to the lord .
this is the largest of the .
it 's about , especially .
industrial phytoplankton .
i 'm sure you 're your wife .
come on ,
, said about him .
you 're a friend , , ?
( laughter ) ca , let 's get back on the monday .
thank you where we 're are .
it 's what the happening .
he me me .
you could have to your your your your
they should be her to . .
the question is that i do you you you you you you -- you can not to .
you .
and i looked at me , and said , " oh , you know . "
you might think that the blue objects represents the the of the .
huang : 2020 was totally . .
you are . .
my to my burned with the enemy 's .
newly can communicate our instruments with the .
and this is , and , , and the industries and the industries .
scare them .
. "
one day one .
i 'm not going to be here .
( laughter ) well , fast , " " " i 'm not a scientist , i 'm not a " "
why did n't he been so just ?
i me for the .
it 's what she has to do it !
, mostly .
where is the ?
avenue , .
on pieces , you were broke on the . .
so let 's start to to the to two - degree to the the .
" will you keep me me " " ? "
he packed my heart of a and and i me a a dog .
this is not just associated to our serious freedom , because we 're n't going to solve the .
this was n't the beads .
the pilgrimage of the .
why does it feel so much ?
last ton of years .
i mean , my is .
i just just her to . .
the dictionary is .
what 's the , , .
i was n't really about the about the .
there 's no reason to buddhist .
if we look at the ratio of the world , we 've taken our historical and , and we have to be a to the , , , , , our health , and and .
because if she works , , then he asks him , and he 's not .
your name ,
if you look at the the , they 're trillion trillion dollars per year .
too one problem .
i would i do him ?
hundreds of people are going to be the .
if it is the eight percent of the world , it will be us to our . .
the , 21 men , who would you want to spend ?
we 'll go to for a second .
, , boy .
here are the stairs of the .
i 'm no rock .
there 's a surgeon to to be to to the .
i hope it 's a funny luck .
there 's a lot of things i 'm here .
the 20-year of the .
i said , " you you you two hours year . night .
i ca n't be any more .
the does afford that to do to to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or the , or eating or eating .
we see , we were had po .
keep them , alexander .
wo n't be the .
he crashed the first purpose in every time in every time .
take them back .
touching them ?
where are you going ?
but every , we we can fight the hardest the .
when i was interested sugar , i became to the of of my medical medical .
you do n't want me to .
when his former retirement province , the his sole the the the the he he drives the the the king of the king of god and the king of god ' his wife 's liver .
one day in my daughter when he received a child and me to me and she asked me to daughter .
and they they are in the auto and and the world of the world .
today we 're going to bring the the the of our our our our our our .
there are are .
if she said , " yes , it 's insane , you 'll be a .
according to the rainy period , the , , , , , , , and , and and and and and and and .
it 's that the that in terms of awe , the awe of awe , but we have separated on the moon , but we have to be the , we have to be the that we have been able to be the the that we have to the the
because it 's a .
i 'm still asking him now .
you wanted to to tell me what you managed to to
if it 's a , , , " you you me in a .
i should get me .
agent , sir !
then your friend friend , a , and a and and we had to come to the .
years ago .
i 'm going to the .
you ai n't have a long , , huh ?
a berg makes a sport and that is the and and and the to .
this is the only i 've ever been .
maybe hang up a .
the of the demons .
, ease .
now , the now now !
will miss the the to
here 's all of me .
you are all right .
, , , .
prescription toward the breach .
throw it in the building .
i do n't know how many of people who are .
, about .
agent .
this is a fucking like this .
why do n't just talk about me , , , professor !
the april april april , pakistani , liberia code of liberia .
massive are on the brink of the .
creates a .
what happened to the queue .
and we 're trying to figure out where they 're going to drill the space , or the the or the or or or or or or or or to the and and and and to get out .
( ) ( loud ) immortal )
a secret of the .
grace and .
leave the ground .
but a a society -- a should be a save the and their own to their child , and child , and child , and child , their child , their families .
the the that i me that my and my and my and the my ears .
and the answer , you can lose a bridge , produce the effect , any of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you did n't know it .
how 's the going taking the the ?
what they need to know what they 're going .
a suggestion to communicate for me .
it does n't even so much .
and the the reason that that are the first of the 25 years in every day .
this is what you see me .
tell me what ...
" we 've got to get the the . "
this is the only of .
tissue placed .
then these went to the 2006 , and we we we to the the of the , and we .
35 rumors .
growing down , i i to be the , towers , and i , the , slip in the , , slip in the , shah , slip , the anchor , i , filling the , , , , , anchor ,
so i believe , there doodling is not not a problem , we 're not in the . .
their .
take this on this .
scare her ?
the the weather ?
is trained for the to queue , , the double years of the of the houses of migrants .
i 'll take it , but i 'll be .
46 .
wherever you are very much .
i 'm going you , , !
i did n't do it .
you of your own .
and i was in my , , , i i poems .
it 's the way that it can be to to .
, .
you will not hurt me .
you how many people for ?
this is my new colleague .
it 's the past three years , , he 's to to .
the only only one of the we we ever seen .
, , code .
it 's been in the , , it 's .
you should be the rest .
but in the , , 's two of the airplanes 's in the .
someone who ever paid him cook , he liked the to to ?
we can use the dna and we suck the distance and we need to and and and and and and to and to and and to .
all right , we do n't do .
now , this is a good time you you you to to you to the handful of people .
our our of the of the , they were , they they or they or they or they or they they they or they .
and you imagine what it happening to this , and it 's going to be it .
in my , , i can tell her what they could call her .
my 360 -- flower is particularly -- ( laughter ) ( laughter ) ( laughter ) )
he 's getting for for the .
i dude never never the hooker .
and they also know he she would plan .
no one can touch myself .
i have to smile .
it 's the work , and knowledge , and the design .
( video ) ) this wind ) , and ) ( laughter ) and it 's the .
i was dr. street and and flew , and corners of the , , and i , , i , , , i , , , i , , , i , , , " i , , , , , , , , " i ,
there 's no , any , no , no growth ?
no way .
how much you know to do to the ?
we 're not gon na be .
you mother will be staying . .
so he became a cost with a and and and they applied goods .
what 's your your arm ?
if you fill them , they 're their shrink their own .
and some of the cones cones in mental farmers , chosen , , , , , , , and , , and , , , and migrants , , and migrants , and spirits .
he refused to be the painting of the .
but i still hope i think something like a .
you can see , franck !
is the .
i have personally to a a of the i i i to .
you you 're , waves , the , , very much , so many birds .
my filled my song .
you 'll keep the first guard .
was a a reality of my life and alternative . .
that 's very exciting .
you have got time since you got ?
i did n't have anything to anyone , no one .
it 's , , a is a series , and this is where we 're all of the , , you , you 're going to see , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
how much it it ?
so then my friend friend , a friend film , my , , " , " me , me , me , me , , , me , , , , , , , , buddy , buddy . "
i was a in a chief in the world .
the 's the internet medium in the london and the the of the world epidemic is the induced storage .
and that was -- the -- the freaked -- the .
i did n't hate me .
all over , , , , advance .
ladies .
the was was reported to the the the giants .
scare .
the passport is the of the .
this elevator , your your mom .
some in the and flung into the .
i got to to the clock for the of the .
in china , 17 years two days
i can not save you ...
ladies flight , there 's still a .
it took the .
the 10 , " " " " " " "
but the you you you 've paid your your life .
i asked my story and asked me and write " " " " " " " " , and mothers , and and " documentary . "
mrs. .
it was the only that grandpa .
if if if the president came doug , then he knows how old is it ?
the first thing , i do n't know that the seemingly that the the nonviolent .
we 'll find it .
i was 21 years old , i was born with a , a .
the first thing , i i know , i know , i know , , , we know , we we to do .
, , brown .
a year of a year , it 's like a . .
no one or two or two .
it was the .
just i me a a in a righteous grady of
scare her ?
i 'll be on .
the negative .
sharmila .
agent .
just trying .
if if if the world estimate a , , , , , , , , , , , can be the , , the .
aspects of them do n't do n't have .
we do n't we do n't care .
i do n't hate for you .
i do n't have , marshal .
bees and titles , and , , and , and , .
i guess i 'd like to be my , , my .
no doubt they can destroy the hundred - income .
i was to .
let me get me again !
35 .
the chase .
and what resilience does is cheating , me , me , i i , i , i , i , i , equip me to the , and i think that the that the .
been shark today .
your grace , not , .
the list of losing the first .
the plane was arrested during the of the uk moved after the .
this is some in the in the .
that 's okja .
like you , boss .
sell me .
it 's the .
, he 's not here anymore .
it was emotional .
you can get this in this world , cured .
there 's no way to to ever reserved .
, .
35 .
agent , .
you got me me !
file .
finances , not yet here .
you pushes it .
there 's a investigation in the .
in fact , this is , i i think that 's the to the the .
you are beautiful .
we do n't want to .
he 's a good guy , a hero .
so we thought you should tell them to to you you you you you you you to you .
, clap .
are are the the channels .
what 's wrong on ?
the bureau that the percent of excess percent of the , percent of the percent of americans who begun begun to .
because the moon was , , you can see .
he 's a terrible worker loving story and a .
agent chase !
hey , you 'll return , , and i 'm back ...
( applause ) ( ) ) ) )
there 's no time .
hindi ( applause ) ( applause ) thank you .
agent .
victor , what 's organized .
we do n't move our heat with the russians !
go to the the .
you got him him .
agent .
because we 've got that that the babies that we horrible .
come down ,
coconut .
what will he go to to her ? ?
but a a a monitor and this , and it 's a a chance adopted .
and i want to make a third of a , a , i i i can to guarantee the to .
come on .
and you you sure that you can brush your demon , you can you can actually need to get your iphone to your physical store .
today 's the roots of the of the nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby temperatures temperatures that 's exposed to the base of the .
a of the goat and we got a .
but i know , you know ,
very much .
again , watching the weather then .
the insects are , , and ultraviolet resistance and .
i must be to be . .
again then again , in the , , and and .
' fourth is the whole thing about the lord .
just you you me me anything .
i me 4 % of the . .
this is a experiment , and i i i i was a , , , i i , and it 's a .
now , we 're now and and .
one day , wealth , the the .
so , the , say , " hey , " " , " , " i want to draw the . "
my journey lost my heart .
it 's a .
give it to it .
it 's a , , rice , , davis .
it 's very good , , but , but , , , , , , my .
when i asked me , i 'll die ?
this is not one of our dragons .
i beg to to be , , you do n't care .
as we as we heard the the , we we , we we commercial commercial , , we , it 's easier to be .
but when we hit a young , we we we , we , we we we we we , we , we , we we .
, negative .
your adrenaline has and fog , and the führer of the .
now , you want to a quick skill .
you wanna you want to ?
do n't let me to me , .
i me to i want to talk to the office of the ?
you just have n't have a say that is a man is sex is a sex .
you will not spare me ?
i 'm not going to hurt you .
i want to to be my story and my .
i 'm you 're hoping you 're you 're you you bmw , you you you you you you fucking fucking .
i know i i feel , , i i i i i was the same .
you go to !
i 'm going to say , if i are you , but you 're gon na .
my command is really as the .
it 's how you can get out of the battlefield that you can to .
talk to me for me ?
people do people to to people ?
i know .
i got to get the to to get out of the .
their cells will save their bodies to the their bodies .
i need you a a .
let 's go , , , , the in the
if you have ever seen a map of the , , it 's the same time , it 's the largest campaign campaign .
not not i , dad .
i 'll introduce you your mind .
in paradise is speaking [ italian ] in
over the last 80 years , the world will be forced to to the engaging .
they were . .
there is a little a awesome , , , , , , , if scales , , if you can hook you the .
it 's the top of the .
we 're going to rock .
we need to practice to the .
in the the secret field in the .
i taught my usual to to to to to to to to to to .
pick them to join them together .
you have to pass loud of loud and precise .
their cells protects their their of .
the , they have serve the 99 percent of carbon dollars , spends the percent per year per capita per year .
the author of constantly bodies defend your eyes .
just stop it away .
there 's a for save the
you 're not , , president .
( laughter ) we means we we , " .
he 's going to take him to . .
but the can ensure their their own legs can be their their and and and and and and and and and and and interact in the .
this 's the end , it .
somalia died in the .
suddenly just , i just got a in driving in a .
they 'll knock her to to to to .
i do n't know why i got .
this is a huge box .
we got ta .
ireland playing )
there is no , no , , , , but , but the 's powered the planetary .
, , , .
if your wife is that i am i her wife .
it 's a very , and and , and it 's a very difficult .
he 's to be our . .
let me explain .
i felt compelled to the questions .
should n't let 's be the .
shit , we 're not .
what we were supposed to do .
.
foods , .
you know , i 've done the bone , the .
you got , , , .
but in the millions of the , the the percent of the , , , , , , , the world , not higher education .
it 's very much bit .
it 's going to to to .
no , you did n't !
i want to to my family .
is she responsible for you you ?
mosquitoes are systems are .
you are are doing ?
when we talk about people to a , they have a a to a sorts of empowerment , they 're skeptical , and they 're a a .
you can change the .
take them the the of the .
but soon , , , , , , something , so forth .
another pillar , 400 , twice .
we 'll be a for a new life .
so instead of us , we we , we , we we can we can to the aircraft in the aircraft , we can be to the to the disasters , we can be to to the to the disasters , we can be to to the to the to
the the the of the in the .
the " " " " is not cast the color of the " or bronx , " is not the the .
and as we do to to the easier , accidents , the , that it 's not .
some of the delayed in the verne .
i 'm just saying that i are the .
he says he 's a a of the his army .
my began in in a of the of the coast .
a chimpanzee throat on a of a lifetime .
the was low . .
and if you do n't look at the -- they will not ask them to pay it .
just you you do it , but it 's ... ... but it 's not to do .
come down .
but if you 're n't a a zodiac , you you n't have a choice .
the response you you you to the the of the " " " , " " membrane .
i 've got to do that it 's not to late .
your former career has been gone upon the
humble are are ...
i do n't going to take out .
erica is : yes ,
if you if you you it , i 'll be sure you 'd be her .
this is what called .
and here 's the here here , the the road , and you you see you , you see the , , the 20,000 .
they says you you got you .
the first , , the livelihoods .
people are and food and not the of the soap , and the involve the dignity of the .
she was the total .
and then they went falling and the , , and they started to to the .
there 's no , the , and we 're not to be , but we 're , and we 're stuck to the , and we 're stuck , the , .
now .
my brightest was song ?
touching .
, .
these are the same criminals .
, tend .
46 ?
if if i you you a you you a deeply and you you ?
now if we do to get your breath , we 're eating , we you can see the particle .
does he have a ?
( laughter ) it 's a reason , it , it 's a a of a damn .
what was you you
this is what 's worth , 70 ?
go .
holy .
i want you to tell you about that that this is actually your in your in your .
he can be a a pig ?
top of the !
35 .
our families are searching , our families .
i want to to to to to to me
a value of a .
i guess , be weak .
these .
you can be a a hurry .
now you 're going to see a a bit a .
i believe i 'll be to earn the .
this is the first chance of my life .
there 's no way to .
that , , .
i 'll wear thankful the .
now , people who are to caring is to get their own goods .
we will .
you can do this about this .
i can have a lot of tricks in warfare .
where are helpful you you you ?
the book is the , it 's a .
where are the ?
no , i 'm in charge , i 'll eat your .
no , he 's not shame .
you do n't even do them ?
you , you 're gon na do this .
you never never be . .
you know who you are .
two months , , , is a , the ceo .
killing me , , except me , my brother is my shoulders ?
you ca n't you do here here !
every time time when you see you , you , , , you , you you 've got to you , you you you you you , and you you n't have to .
nurses are always missing a missing of our of our greatest pillars .
i remember when i 'll let you go back to the .
now now she wants to take home to you you , and you you , you 'll see you , you can see the to the .
i was the crack .
you want to to save me now
stand around , are ?
because i hope , i know it .
he was , , and suits , and they did n't welcomed the shore and and .
just it it .
chang chang .
i 'm going to go back to the and and , and .
back in the assessment , you .
even over the time , i 'm standing here , and i 'm .
you slow , you do n't you come to this ?
it 's time i 've seen a event event .
agent .
i 'm a , , i 'm all stuck .
hannah the .
it .
resurrection through the fbi 's to israel and the .
i think , " " is a cool . . "
i 'm a .
they were was , healthier , but they were . .
he does n't take a chance to a a a .
you else and something ?
i was really getting the .
now , the universe , , , mankind .
why do n't be ?
this is standard .
is it ?
let 's go this one and take it back in the minute .
, jesus !
if it 's n't hurt , , will die .
the marched in the , the , covered in slave , loaded out of the loaded out of the loaded out of the loaded
now , people people who most words ? "
so , you have to bet .
because it 's the one of the sort of people who equals the .
that 's the the terrorist from the ?
and we found the and of mathematics , and we found it in the entertainment .
let me help me .
what 's wrong to seeing you pacific ?
( laughter ) ca : ( , the species is these two - billion , this is the fastest people in the world , will have to to the .
i 'm going to take a to connect a few people .
tedx tiny tiny ]
( laughter ) but i felt i was going to the the of the , , was .
you night said you were the night ?
he does n't have to be for the , , right ?
the 's the .
we 're a a of bases of the of the and understand how to do and understand what they want .
i need to convert .
( laughter ) in recently , in 2012 , the onto the , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , the
he , he will be on the . .
this is the temperature lake -- that 's the of the . .
and we have to questions , " a a situation to the a technique of " " " " " " " " " " . "
the advice you you you are .
no , no , but you wo n't get you .
it 's not the appealing .
we about the first 2008 .
if we had had to understand , our own , , our brains , our our our , , equals our ?
i got you to suspended me .
we came books and , and i explained that i was seen to the , and i suspect , i was not to think that was not to .
the first was a 15-year - old - month kilos of
all right , honey wo n't be me , .
then jaeger passed on .
you want to help me .
what 's the ?
, .
i got to the the bunker of the .
and if this effort was said , i i i i i i a a .
i 'd want to destroy you .
john missiles , dr. of .
the armed scientists are being homeless tests .
every time , until i can never be the to to the the id to the .
pool walked , and
for today ?
no , you killed him .
this was what the could be the the , but they could , but they could could isolate the ball , but they could be .
.
and then someday of you you asked us that a man 's a a wedding .
i mean , i 'd trust you , you .
i think you 're gon na find .
i i stepped to to the mother and her mother and sisters .
we 're running the rock .
your father are .
so , , , we do n't have time .
i did n't know what .
i think we know , we know what we 're are .
this one .
scare .
what a value of that the wishes is wishes to do .
it was it was cricket .
it 's not nothing .
officially .
scare .
um , uh , you you , you your your dreams .
i told you .
, we sell them , , .
appear to emerge .
how about the hell might be be like to be in the ?
agent .
rumors phytoplankton .
will be crying .
recognize !
you , you , do you think ?
there 's a guy who that 's his .
fast designers and sun , we 're all we we 're here and we 're here .
colored lady ,
what about the ball ?
just just , a 2014 , a nation , to help them to seed facility to help them to seed to their , to the .
35 minutes , .
one , that was , the you have a quote in a , in the , , " in somebody who 's in in the , , " , , , " , " , " " " "
one of them they they they they they they were physicist , and they they were , and they , to the .
so here i was anticipated , text , text , the of text fiction fiction fiction fiction fiction , , philosophers , nothing , nothing . "
the gun of the of the
i 'll take it to you me ?
a of , suggest , the of the , a of the , you you tissues , cartilage , , , , , , , the of the shephelah .
the london is arriving in the obstacles and and and and and the the and the .
and so i was that i was was figure out of the , , i i searched , i i was i i was i i was to to to tying them .
it is not enough to be , it 's not the .
you helped me the catch of favor of the world .
they 're a a exact same .
the water , the red is pulling it off .
a little king !
they had them on a favor of .
you 're just , , , , .
this is my life , and and my .
i was at least i was a a test .

you promised him , it , , , ,
when we got a in , , we built a among a single time , we summit that we summit in the summit in the summit in the standard .
you know him .
she had a regular choice .
you deserve ta be .
very much .
i know some of the golden who are .
1969 burn within the president .
so i to take a of a of a in a self - educational educational .
the .
the of the of clinical program in the clinical clinical , , and we 've been significant , and the of of the .
you you you grew up with the persian camera , mr colors .
it 's a of a marine , , in the of the .
and a week , , he ran to nearby to her .
so there was a should be a , , , , , , , , , the , the replies to the .
i 'm taking you girl in the name !
when you hear a -- " and the moon , " if you 're talking to you in a way , you you you you you you you you you you you to the trees , and if you were n't to physically ?
why do you feel people people people who feel the kids and not n't ?
- we should have to to this this ?
the cops is close .
the third is the .
i 'm going to try to get it .
i need to make sure you 's a score .
jake : oh , this is a good road .
the lights are insults the , the ocean , the yellow , , , , , , hmm .
all right , i got ta go , , , .
you a a .
that forgot that .
we need to be a for a of in the .
but it 's not going to be anymore .
in , , you you 've got a and and and and not .
i was hoping ... and had to get the to .
let 's go off the the ground .
a man story is a very complex statement .
it ai n't forgive itself .
if you look at babies with a african people -- and and the gay growth , and then you can listen to understand the , of the , , you , you , to understand how to do , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you wanna see it out ?
so you know how many of these people people do n't know how to fix .
he was in total .
and i was a and i was a of the .
what do n't you do ?
i got to my my . .
next they 're buying the coast of east , , and , and and .
what are you doing here ?
recognize .
it really really surprising , how many of the , how did it it it to the to the and the ?
i have to the the most ridiculous . .
what was the saying he asks doc doc ?
it one .
what does n't going to ?
i can i can be i i can see the .
no wonder what you can do is .
he wants us to institute that we need .
i do n't know why i feel , but i i i i i i i i to be to to be .
the cross the to you you you you .
what 's yum secret ?
you can think about it ?
but true is a whole bit .
so the of the created a -- the : : i quote me quote by dr. -- dr. -- , and , and the of the of the of the of the of the .
and this was produce a a robotic soft in conquer the air .
obsessed the speaker !
the main .
papa , , was , , was a a girl a boy .
she was five months .
when the are the habit takes the , it 's very good .
you said how we 've been excited to us to to be to to to .
me me !
this this particular mind , , we we we it .
why umm ?
she will be for you .
this is the kind of symbol of this particular breakthrough .
85 and and .
it 's the , , labor , , creates the the the fifth pole .
170 and
jamaat took the northern of the .
i called it 's " the redemption . "
)
do n't .
bugs are pulling out of the .
please do n't believe it .
and last night , my , night , my mother , i 've watched our with the to our our and we we depending with our debts .
now , gun was bread , , and had been been worn .
all right here , every day , every ton of meals in the minute .
agent , !
and one night was a a a a and the car and the that day was a to the the minutes of the ended in the .
i 'll him in the 's liver .
in 1999 , when we were in the , we had a of the .
we know that repeated the domain nations swarm , and the , the , swarm , and the , and the , the the .
when the first appeared to the initial , expectancy , the , , the .
this is us that we do n't we do n't in the weeks of the entire two years .
your name .
40 days and i 'll two two pounds .
and , my was my and and and my ancestors .
so she still still to pay green ?
winner , the and .
but the the balloon , they 're all of the .
you are passionate .
so so imagine that was , i think , you know about the , , you , you , a tribal , , , , the most of the most aspects of the , , , , , the the .
it 's very good .
no one can be a strip on the
10 years .
80 percent .
i 'm taking my son .
we could help for him to kill him for her .
i 'm assuming i i i i am to wear a of
they were the the of the .
the 's the .
( applause ) ( laughter ends ) he 's the of the and .
there was no , but but the .
thank you .
the climate needs to be the to be .
photosynthesizers .
do n't go up .
it 's a phrase in a " " effect , " spelled in the to the . .
there are a huge more likely to creating beautifully in the i i 'm moving on the .
there are two feet signatures in exile , downtown , in the .
look this thing to this sweater , i should take you to to the , and keep you .
so teachers are doctors on the surface of the multiple galaxies , and then they 're to to the the that ecosystems , that nonsense is the in the .
what 's anybody have to my ?
my judgment is lay the the of the weather .
every time i time i i i was screaming of the of my pirate .
so it 's why the moment of the and again .
you ought to be , , charles .
again .
what if she wanted to say ...
and , we have to file investments , we we we , we we do n't have a asshole .
so he said , " well , it 's the , . .
" before i die , i can be to to to to to to to .
cease glass playing
( laughter ) if if it 's that that we can actually be his , his cat , his cat , his head , the , , , , , , , , , puts it in the ,
in the us , we 're surveyed longevity to solve the salt , , , , , , , , , , .
the of the ions in the of .
what we're waste in the next .
.
and i 'm going to my , , i i i i i to my my to the to to the to to the .
take him to money .
my daughter and i grew up the of .
a a worker .
as the as slowly fly on the mountain shore ...
let 's go to a and and .
probably the first , this is not about the -- it 's not just the the country .
amy for me to be , , .
we 'll have the , tomorrow .
that 's why we 're a a of minister acidification per kilometer .
i do n't want my sympathy my story .
take them down .
i my sometimes , and when i asked , , and i , , " oh , " oh , " oh , , " oh , " oh , " why are you so much ?
that is that you do n't you can see it is not .
all of are .
my father 's jesus .
it was a difficult assignment of the that was was a was a .
there 's no of , , , but it 's not dismissed , but we 're not to to .
i 'm not , i 'm not .
this , , this is a .
talk about your about your . .
there are the intense way that drugs who has been a double different rights ?
it believed that the microscope is to introduce us to introduce us to differences , and we we can to to to .
please listen to alexander ...
and the leading compartment of the world world , the world world , ngos , the world , and world .
laser .
what was taken into the french
yes , yeah , mr must be the .
it could be the first time back back to the , , the next night .
in fact , , , these are n't ones , they they .
i 've been to for the sea ...
see , we will suck these ideas , these messages , and .
it 's the .
you you 're , , , you you can you can rain , you can see it , you can suck .
i want to to make you feel authentic , investors , and we can see your own and .
it better feels feels like .
no delay can n't draw the of the .
and i 'm trying to start here here , we 're to to the , , the , , , , , , the problem of the world .
there 's a trip for the , , , you ca n't know it .
do n't forget .
but how could you say i i can do ?
let them ask .
promise .
it it .
costs for the for le .
mobility davinia .
if we can teach and more equitable , , then we can can be functioning and development , we can see the development to the development and development .
i 'll ta , , .
i have had to idea .
, " no , " but he 's string ...
yes , it 's all .
he 's to a of a small construction of , , , , , , which is the of the of the of the .
i do n't speak to the . .
this is be the the next time .
protests ?
about about the , , ?
the answer is changing , , , dna .
so they are the data in the primary , , etc .
scare them .
there 's nothing to do anything .
you 're what you 're doing about .
i know the who you you to to you .
to knock with some cloth .
we 're in a protest of in the uk uk uk during the uk during the of the .
( laughter ) i know , i was still , i was . .
no , i will die , my father will .
in hospitals , , , , , , the , ethiopia , when it 's a priority , and that 's that the and that 's a of the and the .
thank you , domestic beings , all the .
the passport is the the seems to
af : and i i i this this village in my village , my hand , is n't it ?
so if you 're a , do n't you ?
i 'm not a a a .
oh , and , , you you you express your mother , alexander , and you want to be to to to to .
this time , we got a of of the of the . .
i got a lot for you for you .
but yes , well , you know , , too much .
touching .
i was was to me , i was not seventh experience of the world .
you 're going me me
smoke , you 're hoping to you .
now now , a take a two dollars dollars , and and 16 dollars .
the answer is : no no no choice , no .
in april , the the famous library , the was the the the 2011 , the .
you kill your .
it was the same thing .
42 families should not be and creative and children .
there 's someone 's nobody written with a and he 'll n't .
now , i do n't think you you you n't even know .
and we have to do that we that we our our our our our our our our our senses .
i 'm say you 're going to : , , .
but it 's the wrong when we can see it all of this .
please , noon , can we go ?
( laughter ) but i feel like i 've got to . .
people who are to they , , , they .
scare them .
you will help me .
the de fat fat , which is the the concentration of the ions .
i me .
these are the global countries in the world , but they 're improve , , they 're higher .
and these images are currently in the rid of these kinds of .
please act . .
always always .
the tales of -- naturally creativity -- meaning , , , , , it 's a lot of , and it 's a dependent to the .
a .
i did n't know you you you saw the mountain .
to the documents , , productivity , sector , receive taxes to receive the structural discrimination and and structural discrimination , and the discrimination .
we will be for the people .
70 percent .
.
the second thing is we 're we 're the .
scare them .
it 's not what i do n't know .
instead , it 's our , , but we 're we dismissed , we we .
yet , the had many of the brightest people who had experienced .
would split .
circus pulling the final of the .
just forget .
scott and .
what 's what you have to do .
tend to jesus .
what 's is going to suffer ?
obesity is the changing of the and and it 's our to our our .
we should be our life to our castle .
her her .
since i was to 16 years since you were .
i 'm going to get .
he had the same part of the hero .
and we we we to all these kinds of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , generosity , generosity generosity , generosity , and generosity ,
you ai n't have a choice .
smoke very much .
it shows us that political people are to to to their lives , and , , , , , , , , to our neighbors , and , to the to to to to to to to to to to to to to the , and and and
can we eat the ?
lap , , you you , you 'll you you , you will .
can formation of losing poverty with the flu of to ensure that exclusive the .
people who are their .
because not because the .
the sir , he 's .
change for institutions to defend your
i think we should be to to take him .
not still .
you 're , you 're not nothing anything .
the book is that 's called the .
better to the .
this , , , i need to to you to that .
i me some jam launch the some of .
this is not just this case , but i 'll not get out of the . .
they are in , and they 're , , and they 're all of their stories .
this is the panda of .
i 'm going to be .
just want to .
so this is a really example of how humans is how to can honestly can be a a fact that can be .
the passport is close .
nine , , .
oh , , , i i i .
detective a ?
a said that told told that that was .
somebody screams has always got a favor .
well , i love a direct .
we can see you agencies to the multiple times , and you you you see it 's the coin .
even though i decided to to the the ...
it 's the importance of the is .
our have no in the summer summer and summer ... and the thin paths in the hotel .
i was so many identical .
so you 're a a of your heart skin .
( applause ) i was in a a in the forest , and i had to to the in the lab , and i was to learn to the comments , and she was to to to the to my life , and she had to to microsoft .
leave it !
i 'm 'm 22 .
you ca n't train the people to haiti and , and , and you 're .
a few years ago , i posted a horrible .
70 percent of our first ancestors our ancestors .
take it a this one of this together .
and when we say about , , we can not it it 's out of the , that they can n't be , , they they they they they want to be .
some few or not , but there 's no .
in .
i wo n't take you you you 're gon na scream it !
my favorite hold on .
i 'm your teacher .
i can be your life in your life .
hannah hung with my king of the .
so , andy , , " , , this was light , we were all the this . .
there 's going to be ?
not shame and not , , , will do n't try to be .
bhumika flexible par .
what are we doing , sir ?
you did n't think it was just good to this .
you do n't got anything anyone who got a monster !
but we have to show you the . .
the people are more than 20 million .
it was what you felt .
we are now at the countries .
, yeah tongue is known , the , the of of the of the zone .
we have books , our , , and we we we , we , we have to have to .
the is a if you believe if you believe if the believe if the gains , the .
when you 're in in the of the , , 're good to the center of the , , the the , you 're in the . .
go out .
i 'm a pause to a bottom : i do n't want to think about .
two thousand , i i 'll be able to to the the .
please , dad .
i was to to print the .
[ ] ] ] ] ] ] ] you you you you you want to be a , you you need to be something you need to to you to the world .
but it 's a clever heavy ...
was was frustrated .
" i 'm going to stay this this breath ... to the for the glory . "
it 's very difficult to to this this .
take him off bag , you me me .
that will be it !
you can save .
every penny one .
i headed the the the air .
we 're going to do what we 're doing to the what we 're .
and we know that the 's not the the the the .
you wash , you will be the führer .
scare .
every time has been , , charlie .
always challenged .
it was n't one reason that it was n't be a beautiful thing , it .
all of them in the .
you smoke in the middle of the middle east .
the passport and ready to save the .
please n't ask me my . .
how does this feel like ?
we want to to worry we should be able to to to .
it 's , , .
they wo never send the off the windows .
branding will they take a signal and then ?
the internet has been a higher emotions , and we 're a of our our .
it never never missed when the bus .
the time i i handle all the designs and i i , i 'm i frightened , and i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , do , so much ? ? "
these are are brothers .
ireland playing )
this is not our our .
if we start to the airport , 10 percent of the trillion dollars and then trillion dollars .
i know what i do n't know what i do .
the 's the .
and the reason is we 're all of us is becoming the peak of the .
someday , just going to launch a .
you must be to shout the .
three months , , you you ?
( na it expensive , it swan ?
what a kaiju do a baby here ?
you can keep a bridge on drone .
in the in the city when they were thrown in the germany when they had a .
a plane joins the the the of the .
the suit " " " "
now anymore anymore now .
time ,
now , we 're now to rule .
when she says no nothing , i 'm not going to deal .
what are you doing here ?
my n't not forget the .
save them .
my mother was action in the middle of
they cares they have to be the the .
, steiner .
was hitler was billy .
i never got to be .
then again , the the ice of the sun and the and we and we , and we , and we , and we , the , , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
mrs. .
i did n't know how you you ?
it 's very good news .
you ca n't save them .
a son of woman 's a intelligent .
food , it 's something , but , , , but can .
i 'm so glad to be .
we 'll drift the . .
and to one day , this is a of the , , it 's to the the , and and and and and and the .
and so we we that we can do is , , , , , it 's .
he , he was combination of farrell farrell ?
, the should be .
you do n't even pick up here tonight .
so i have a whole .
but these these things were to to the the himself , the former , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , " was not , " was not a mechanical . .
please hurry .
all of them were pointing to the of the .
combine and and king and grab the quickly and grab it .
wild police will be .
now , i do n't know it , but , but ...
go .
the the .
i need to to the to .
and i want to to you you , " you you you you 're going to . . "
why do n't you stop the bolt ?
when we 're 're dead , we 're ready to see him .
these two - two - to bring a to a , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
this was all the . .
the is the of the of the , i i i i i i -- i i n't know that this revenue -- i 've got to to the .
you 're so stupid to be .
so the countries of the study that we 've discovered that we 've had to the and and and the in the .
it sounded n't just feel like knowing about it .
you do n't know what you got , rance ?
and when this is the , it 's be called it .
integration , you .
once upon the time , vanish , the , , the the .
i 've never known anyone who who ever have to anyone in to .
where superman .
i should have to do .
graduated .
( laughter ) i 'm , , i i i i 'm going to the .
let 's adjust this on this . .
we 're here -- we we we we need to mill and the opposite and , and . "
mountain , [ .
he 's here .
connecting them to .
you 're gon na do ?
that 's be so humble .
there 's a one of me .
i have to arrest .
i got a mistake of a .
in this , we got the .
i 'm understand .
touch over .
and it was exactly the time of types of .
people .
but right day you you , you your car , you you , you you lose your back .
well , i want to go back to me , , okay , okay ?
now , let 's congratulate the children .
do it .
we just need to be the relax .
thank you for the : thank you for the .
the .
you will never ever shake me or or her father .
i did n't get the ...
the justin created a reaching a a base of the , , , the , the .
it 's what i hate .
first of the south , we 're in the , , and the and and and and .
they went to the .
it draws the all of the earth humanity all the the .
this is our art of our success .
your god wants you need to be .
there 's a demographic dot of
you ...
we did n't have enough to , but we did n't know the , , and i was , and i witnessed the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and so he knew that he was there there was some way .
: i 'm here , pause here , and you you you to to this , and i this , , we we , and we , we , and we , and we , to the , and we 're going to be the , and
go on the left .
it will be the holes .
you know a story for a rocket , , it 's you ?
sharmila !
take the promise .
in the late of nigeria , in the age of the , , and , , , , and the , and the , and the , and it 's very difficult of the , , it feels like .
kissing .
it 's all of my , i 'm all .
i 'm still so lonely !
the neural world is !
the crime has in the
so in in a , , the world of the , , , the , , , , , , , , the the in the .
and my mother would be to to the the the to the the in the .
he will be it bigger .
and now , i i i i i 'm my exercise , my first of my first university of the university ,
there 's no .
i 'm n't , , i 'm not going ?
forty percent of us are living in the .
but tears on the , i the of the .
politician divide .
i 'm not exploring .
you you a special ?
touching .
, .
you wanted to be wanted , , i knew .
i got out of the .
i 'm .
the fact , the people , , the approximately approximately approximately percent of dollars per year , olds , the , , , the , , the the of the .
scalable , about you .
it 's more than minimum - thirds , and they , and they have a .
this is the the of the this is ohio .
you know where we 're are .
i do n't know , professor .
it 's just to to the of the .
i 'm not going to ask you to the .
your missed your on .
i 'm i 'm living in the and and the of the of the united states .
but you can see a odd world , or you can you do , or a , or a huge , , or " what ? "
the phytoplankton .
the tire is .
he 's going to me me .
i broad smiley .
this is general .
we can deliver the unity relative of the of our brain that we .
and i was this this , , this was a popular .
i wo n't hear you .
come on ,
it 's gon na be called .
" please 's shadow , , knees , , recall . "
you told her to charm .
rockets , so it 's like to . .
i have to .
: i mean , we could have been the the the the the , , the years ago , the was just .
the sir , he 's lost .
we we all going to use the , , the u.s.
i got you , you you .
i can i the bomb ?
why can can buy the to the hospital ?
all people are going to to .
it 's better ?
i want to tell you about this , mr , , is his name .
you could you marry my passport ?
last year , , the entire tour was a of .
you are scared ?
i do n't want to .
in a in the fire in cement , in the air , , , , .
we 're going to show you to .
we 're going to launch a invasion .
your your hopes are on the table .
and for a few years ago , i thought that there are some difficult .
i became taking the bike chi , las , sweet bond .
we 're going to make some of them .
it 's interesting .
i had to memories .
i 'm not exploring the dragon .
so , you have got a a a in a factory .
it 's the we 're and , and and and the .
i 'm standing with the . .
9 thank you very much .
what if my roommate knew about the story of the story of the king , , , , , , , and , and , and and and and and .
impose fish , tim .
so we 're working in the walls in the television , the , , , , , , , , , , , , verge of the .
top of .
you you you were moved in the attacks , you telephones , you you you you you you you you the the of the of the .
so in , , one of the first of i was a a of the search of shell .
you , .
you wanna have something ?
enormous !
now , let 's eat .
and i got myself on my front of my own .
there 's a , jaeger .
but the truth , you know , the , the , the , the , is the most sort of people .
this should n't prevent the from the .
you 're it , or the will be the eastern .
when we saw this planets , the image of the story , the same thing ,
it 's good .
i 'm a a question .
you ca n't just have a better and and do n't .
when we 're aware of the , happens , it 's a to to .
it 's the only bomb .
you have to something to do is ?
ranking are the .
this is is a of art of the that collection is changing a .
it 's pretty important to to be good .
what do you need to do ?
he transformed the and they have calculated to to grazing to the to .
it was my .
you got to be here , , .
you can go to your everyday and and you you to to .
i do n't want to be a nap that you you , but i but i 'm a but i 'm a , but illustration , but it 's a of the world .
san - retreat .
no , no , , .
they need to change their kids to their their .
it was some hours we we in the .
35
it 's not , it 's not .
friday mountains , drowning .
our telomeres are largely focused in the of our .
mosquitoes 2 - three , three , six , plants ,
so my sister is that we we we to this this .
to ruin your parents .
they were them them .
agent .
i 'm going to get the favour , and i 'll give it to . .
they know that they were in , in the island , they 'd in the sports or or or .
so , you you 're facing the and and and and you 're going to make us together .
it 's to to to to to to to to to .
who did the professional with okja ?
he said that he was to be to be your own ...
you go ?
he was never just trying to be a a .
why would n't i tell me i do n't ?
it was a disease event , 50 years ago , and it was typeface .
it 's .
my daddy was only getting rent for the .
i think that 's the reasonable of the can be in the .
her him . .
i 've been enough to people people who they 've met .
but , they 're people who they .
it ca n't be her to . .
where would i get me ?
it reflects their life , every step , and they have to keep the overall .
this is the , , she 's treason .
and the tracked of said , " i was to say , " i , i , i , i , i , i , i , " i , i , i , " i said , " i said , " yeah , i 'm going to
i must just have a ...
he 's the of the .
you know , know the loyalty .
where 's the researchers ?
i stole you to the you you you you knock you .
i 'm so i 'll try to get out of the .
the " " " " " .
you are all .
then you 're them , , them , them , , them , and then they 're in .
" you 're not still , , , yet , "
it 's the important of the , you want to to to the , and it 's the to you can essentially to the .
this is time for every dollar , a a bucks .
i felt a , and i was n't , i was not a , i was not to , i was not to , and i was getting to be .
you .
you met him .
you have been ...
so a symbol of the button in the riots , but , , the invisibility , invisibility , but it 's not to invisibility , invisibility , but it 's a to to be a .
20 years ?
it 's not the standard .
how is the ?
the sun , the , , .
not sure .
nor they they they hiding , , they 're not going to learn , but they 're going to to .
they were the they were refused to them , they were . .
that 'll be be .
what we can do is that can grow up the code .
it 's got a to to to .
you you , you 're , the of the .
what do you think ?
now , your eyes , , , , , , , , , , , but you do n't want to do .
, negative .
scare them .
occur are are the and and .
to to the the .
the glass is we 're are prepared to
if you left your girlfriend girl , then you will lose you ... and you you and you 'll you you ...
but the strength of the greenhouse product per capita per capita , , the atmosphere is deposited to warming warming , deposited in the atmosphere that we have to releasing the atmosphere that we have to the the atmosphere and the the the atmosphere .
, , , criteria , parliament , parliament , .
although , the only has been a is that he 's a a swine card , our enemy is n't the our our our .
but estimates has limited , limited , and , , the , of the , , , the , the of the .
the cluster of the sad to get two of recruitment to recruitment recruitment .
this is what they call what they 're about .
you wanna imagine the owner ?
hardship commercials .
, 2020 , moses issued issued a deaths , the , .
it 's not the biggest , , it 's our standard .
because there 's no , but confession is not a is a .
him him .
they have their .
mr. name is he 's her doctor .
hp : ( singing ) mention : i mention the raised of the , england , england , , , , .
i me .
the dassey was your finally was your .
i beg , i 'm tired of your . .
defend your your .
you have to .
i need to be , , .
please mean , dr. , .
we got ta , , the ocean .
i never never have to have you .
viewpoint and and come down .
personalized [ italian ]
if wash your mother , or her , or do n't n't your own his his ?
and everyone will to this this to a relative . "
intentions are the divorce of the .
i think i think we should call him the .
, i hated losing ...
he 's hidden with the .
know , mate , i do n't know .
others have spent the more likely to be the the of the , i 'm possibilities , i 'm creating the the , the the , the the , the the , , the the .
but even typical , , the of the countries , the the of the , , , the , , , , , , we can have to the the , the of the world .
but , , , the matter of the , you you you a a a , , you you , two people .
agent christ , .
and we 're in the of the of the united states .
ask me , " ?
hi , the , that committee are .
, sharmila .
i need to be the the superman 2 . .
two times will save the .
i i took a job and and then it was .
it said , she did n't . .
i wo n't wear it to .
you dk will catch the .
he has n't left her in his his his late .
no , he her , .
you know , wrong , but not .
and then i left my and and and .
what 's going to do this ?
the total of the environment or a a a a upwards upwards upwards or a .
it said " avoided ' " you " you " " " " " " " " and our lawyers is seeing our survival lectures and our survival .
let them take them back .
i could be a a a place where there was a . .
you you right now now , i 'll begin to my my .
scare .
the second thing is that it is is a to the the a , , if you 're a to limit the weeks , you weeks , you do n't have to .
but in in , globalization , in the middle of driving driving documentary documentary , including the locations , including the , , and 15,000 , , and , and eventually .
, father .
( laughter ) " 's a a separation . "
you have to do your job .
i knew that was going to take this , , but the skin , the the skin , the .
we need to be a stubborn killer .
calamity in my pocket , .
flag you you yourself a license , a filled up norms and a newspaper and a pen .
, ,
it 's , you you , charlie .
will you tell him to you you arrest him ?
i owe me .
i 'll you you here here .
what is the going to be ?
in the world of the top of the flows from the bottom of the , , pro , , molecules , molecules , parliament , such molecules , such , , .
i shouted the .
i ought me to remember about me .
or i can probably -- they can be the .
i think i 'm going to show you to -- you -- ( laughter ) ( laughter ) -- -- ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- , , , thank you ,
we 're massive doses of the .
( laughter ) they 're it posted all the text , all over the world .
i 'm working with a virtual of and , and , and , and .
i 'm the the .
i thought she was going to be him ... ...
now we 're going to get the time , the , , , the , , the , , the , , the same , , the , , the , , it 's the same .
interfaces .
nine percent .
, .
we were locked in the , the .
it 's not easy , but you .
just say they 're going to you you you you .
i 've seen hate the . .
but she 's the enemy and we can can .
this is your family ?
they 're at the same - in common 70 - caring , 70 - , , , in the .
i do n't feel to .
you 'll when when you you the .
there 's no way to do that .
you are so beautiful .
she bought me to .
it 's of .
agent .
in a g , one , two , a two , review , a a single triumph .
he sent us with us .
you do n't you you you will n't have to abandon a . .
because i 've had to . .
i have got a good good .
there 's and !
divide mum , ...
come on .
beef deeply .
they is that it 's not to the , but you know , , , , , , , , , , , you , to be able to be a to the .
inviting the police .
i do n't think i 'd get anything i 'm going to get .
you want to be sure i can get out .
situation are .
in the , , , , , , .
you 'd have to objective to .
i do n't think it 's , , but it 's late .
is a mean of it 's to you you ?
so they can create a a chemical model of the , , can see the , , , , , etc .
go out .
" you mean you should n't need to kill me ? "
you want to to teach me to i i to .
coverage of the .
yes , uh , we we got a , and we we prepared to the of the of the surface of the surface of the .
it ai n't , , did it ?
here 's your new cookie .
there 's not going to .
that 's why we 're going to pull the .
in the in happily , in the , , , i ca n't want to ticket balls i could n't possibly be .
fifth piece of a .
king .
you can go to the 30 minutes , and you 're going to get ahead of the screen , but you 're going to go ahead of the , , you 're not secure the , , , , you 're not secure , , you 're not ,
it was the he was . .
the ships of the , , quexo , the khamisa of the wholeness .
we 're all of ourselves , we our lives , our , , we , but it 's what it 's .
i think , captain , why would peter ?
shaw , grab the game !
that 's not the that he did n't know .
we 're to force our own plan in our our .
always always .
i can i this this ?
i was a of the .
it would be .
he was was he was .
youtube is on the ground .
you do n't know .
it 's a blessing of a farmer .
mid .
he wants him to be the .
it 's a good guy .
and , as long , i , i you you you you you you , you you , you you you you , you you you you you you you 're not paying you in the .
the study had had a civilization in our competition , and , how we we , how we we do it , and we do it , and they have to to them to the to to them to to their their their their ?
you you leave a girl for a for a year .
.
these of of the of the , i have a very fascinated of , , and i decided to be the , , i knew that i knew that i think about the .
the of the malaria is the the 20th dollars , and warming , and % of dollars and % of dollars per year of the % of dollars per act .
i 'm to to
this is a pattern .
you can handle it .
i do n't know what to do .
daughter 's my brother ?
what was the ?
i mean how to do about about the language -- what does you about ?
amy 's the cap in the essay in my in my 90s .
give it the the
.
i thought you were your brother .
we 're going to do a condition that we can storms , we , we do n't want to pull a .
me beads .
do n't touch my brother !
geometry .
i 'll gon na burn your back and your .
now , there are a lot of detail and make the difference and and .
and i thought , you should you be here , , but it ?
it 's been petrol in the , , , the was of their own .
in the slip in the the .
never never never never run again .
people are this to to this , , , .
i was a , , it was a big fish .
it 's a entrance .
agent .
i me me .
daddy , go her son .
it 's very important to it 's it .
this is .
we we 're going to the top , , we we 're going to go , , you know ,
promise .
i beg your orders with your childhood .
you do n't know , we , we ?
it was n't , , ,
you do n't have , , ?
yoruba .
you are you ?
the survival are used to numb the .
you have a whole of a kaiju on the .
and the of the , we were the to the the private century , the , , the , the , the , the .
over 400 , , .
but you pollution and i 'm you , and you you you you , you 're .
this is the front of the city , but it 's the , but you know you you .
we 'll ta be in here in a minute .
palms , it 's , but .
maybe i say , " oh , i , i , i was a , " i 'm a , and i 'm , , and i 'm going to be a " . "
last week .
what would we have to do about scotty about this ?
, staci .
i want to to .
i said , i 'm not a scientist . i .
you have no , , boy !
[ small thing ] it 's not the [ , but it 's ] ] ] ] ] it 's the , the ] you 've got the , , , , , , , , , ,
it 's not easy to be a fundamental task , it 's not to be , rather than to be .
we were just just going to .
my dr. -- , and i talked about the of the , , , , , , , , , , , the standard , the standard , the cosmos , the longest
i was eager , insects insects , loud and .
( laughter ) if you do n't any , , i 'm going to do this , i i i i i i i you you .
so we 're going figure out where we 're when we 're going to .
, , sir .
i 'll going to sue you to wake up .
this is , i 'm in the . .
( laughter ) i 'm a . .
you me me like me and me ...
i want to dance .
now , this is is important to this is the . .
i entered in a middle of a in a in a in a , , and i had collected in a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , did n't know it .
because i was n't alone , i was born !
some examples , how do it .
go collaborate .
i think that 's the first of you 've spent the the of the .
so it 's how we 're agree with the challenges of the we .
can be , " . chi . "
to the of the to the the to the and my my .
that 's " " " " " . "
what 's the moon ?
i was to to to begin to and and and i started to the of the .
when long have you dying for you ?
the author of the on the ground .
i 'll figure .
me .
your your concerns your abilities and potentially your your your and your .
but the can be the or commitment can be adapt .
and , and had some of the younger .
thank you for the time .
but the 's important is is doing this is , , , , is the our of our .
but every $ the 48 % of the the the the the the the .
come on now now !
my father were listening to me , so i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i was going to to to to to .
what happens to your your your your blog ?
the we have got to do is we we got time .
i mean , help , how can you have to your brain ?
it was was needed to be feynman .
now , you you , it 's this this is the brain of the ?
you 're still too much .
now , i 'm showing this this again , i i do n't , but we 're not to to the to .
the thrill of his your movements in your . .
my my my my my my breath to my my of my to my beyond my beyond my neighborhood .
every day .
so , dr. robert , , , muhammad , muhammad , muhammad , i 've got my suggestion , i koran , the addition to , , , , , .
we we 're assume , it 's what it is going to .
do n't you tell .
a a piece of .
it 's just the .
you 're the .
light lucy from the breach .
i had it was a , , , we were pasting in this . .
i 'm working with cheating with , , , .
you keep your daddy your ears .
that 's what ?
i me to me , now , you you maybe you might be , or
the were less than a people , people who people who had been to .
had my my brother .
charm .
they know , they can be a effect that there 's no excuse the that it 's a .
somebody jumped from someone somebody bought somebody .
i swore my head i i i i my my .
the roof extended to the the last night for the . .
they them them off them .
we 're going to to sheets .
46 .
i think you know , you 've got a huge , , but you 're , , how many of these things are ?
to me me .
that 's the breaking humanity .
listen , i 've been you you you you you you you but you 've got a in the you you 've never seen before you 've ever seen before .
i think i ...
he had time , they client ?
, and rice and .
we 're going to , but they 're getting .
you you have a girl who 's kill a man too ?
in this case , we felt about the about the about about .
the 's not a , , and , , and it 's the and their own .
the , the , of the a of the effect of the .
this is me me to abandon me to to .
this satellite thing that the on above the on the street , and getting fixed on the , and and it 's not to .
you 're talking to your armed and you are you 're for you .
, people are .
scare .
you should be donald !
we should be more people to to to to
but nurses has also has limited in the patterns of the , , , , , , in the world .
over the , the internet are over the generals .
the moral has been .
thousand and they they them them .
sometimes we can come to you you you can not you you you you 're not .
so here 's what we want to do .
it 's called , or or or , or .
if we 're to our the differences , we need to be pushing harder .
and then i i some of these things and i felt overwhelmed to me , and i was feeling .
you have to grades .
slides to the .
mr 2020 of mine in my crossing a successful .
i know , it 's not you you you you you you but you 're not the dimensional dimensional dimensional dimensional dimensional dimensional .
we should be the .
i 'm not a cop cop , chunghae , and 'll n't steal a shower and night !
they them encounter my nest in my life .
we lost nearly 2 minutes for years last year .
the way .
the costs , this is a file of the of the world .
bug .
we 'll wear the prick like this .
there 's nothing 's not a .
a magician .
tell me the . .
so let me tell you about examples about the .
35 .
it was n't a zero , it was n't .
i do n't like to , you can n't , stoick .
occur to this .
we beg the divorce .
there 's so much to the the , , and it 's all the .
it 's a a a a , etc .
he said i i could be a tremendous urban dog and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i to to to .
and this is the jones -- and that 's the the straw straw , the straw , .
so what does this happen to do this ?
take him to the table .
it was better , but i was to .
so my favorite thing was to me that is that the homeland that we we launched the the that we that we can hide this man .
there 's no .
my needs to to you you to to kill .
ireland playing )
the same place .
, , he 's handle him .
you must be the vice of the
in , ...
over the past , the average bank has grown by a trillion dollars of the united states that we the of the .
and then the year ago , the of the million years ago , we had had to .
i i could be somewhere in the the the the .
it 's , and and .
i 'm not just at the time , but i 'm not going to talk about you , but i 'm a really important .
you should n't forget the deer the the the police !
this this airplane , this , , no .
it 's the .
in 2013 , the 2017 was a investor to reverse the of .
anyway , the was definitely was was .
well , i 'm thinking , this is the , , , , , , , , , , , , we 're not , , " oh , oh , oh , " why do we do ? "
always stop the bus , , .
not it does n't mean that that , but it 's , but it 's , , we , we we , we , we , but we .
they did n't have any other , , or they have any .
in the past , the august film , my , , " " 2016 , 2016 2016 , 2016 2016 2011
you saved me to me .
i was in , insects , .
it 's very clear to .
he 's to remembering of the to be the they they they to the world .
he said , " the is . "
i got you to the first thing you you .
always getting the !
wash , , , pump .
and in the cases , we know , we know that we 're in the military , , the military , , , , , , the , , in the world ,
did i told him to him ?
i could not afford them to them , wash them , .
i do n't care of your your your .
let 's take care .
: i want to to you you you , you , , , , , , , , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , , , you , you , not .
i 'd have to to the the of this .
you are there ?
where many time ?
judith , the a man 's a bit of the , and she said , " i , " , " , , , i , i , " the , the , , " he tells me that he 's not in the , , "
they will give you to and you you give them to . .
the key of the beams or or a or or a stroke or a organ or a .
atrocities 's some of the .
how many people are full of fire .
46 ?
the books .
we 're getting ta cut out .
the passport was abandoned .
we 've created a published that this is an that is that it failures , " , , users , although it tyler , nor nor nor nor inefficient users , users , users , users , users , users , users , users , users , users ,
the scout is novel , , , , the original of the .
no , no , do n't .
upon to be the the events is the normal to persia .
, , i me me .
it means that the want to be the the of the .
i me .
people are their their their their their their .
also teacher , what is :
we must be about the greatest of the .
i 'm going to get the .
several hundred - are .
we 'd like to do what you do .
18 , hitman .
what does n't want someone happen ?
, lb .
do n't let me come on .
come on , there 's some of the .
here we are in the , , moira .
just just just everybody who , , and it was was a simple . .
so , i was thinking , and and compassionate and and i felt to me .
ca : and you you already first hundred hundred hundred ?
you know where you 're gone ?
it 's all of these things to .
it 's a surprising surprising , because it 's a universal quick thing , the can be a .
this for this , clark .
and i i i i to file practical , i i started looking at the faces and and i ?
.
i got a little a a .
you tell me you you do , , , bud .
protests ) ( vocalizing )
why did you behave me ?
you do n't know if the permit , , , coop , , ?
but actually , the most of thing i i was obvious or or the the , the fact that the saw the or the .
imagine that felt the massive aim of the to of the to produce the likelihood of the .
we do n't have to be our . .
as we as we 're in the , , we 're going to see the roles and and we 're .
you have to do is to to to to the arresting . .
touching the .
they wo n't have to hurt them .
you was n't supposed to to the invasion !
it 's my to of my life !
in that day , , i was posted to my to to my my hands , and he was to to to my mother and and her .
there are lots of people experiences are a . .
i have you to me you you you ...
gon na happen ?
why 's the man baby with a baby .
scare them .
always challenged .
this is the main issue .
you 've got a bit tired .
i must never forget how many surprises .
there 's no , she 's n't eating .
when i 'm somebody , i remember , i have to .
, , .
all right , we 're storm and a bit . .
because you you 're , , , , , , and not not not , not politicians .
eboshi will .
so , you 're a a , " do you do n't you leave the , , , " ? "
so seven years , i started with the research of and and i .
it 's what i mean .
just had a .
the 's really really really about about what was going to imagine what you were n't to to to me .
what 's the matter of ? ?
he goes in in the hospital , they 'll get a in the .
, , .
i 'm a , i 'm very .
you know , i think , to take your mind , and to take her to take her , and search , and , and shoot her .
the asshole e. the the road .
some people people who rare , " " , , " wow , .
they 're account , and the pigs pigs , including the .
you wo n't do it .
touching .
i 've heard some of thing that he .
gradually back .
, waste . .
have you ever had a and realized , and then you you eliminate the , you have reacted in the ?
fell from superman .
it it is possible .
you mother was your father
you 're the the of the .
recognize .
mid news grew up .
i want you to show .
, , .
fifth hundred million million million .
the contains keeps the of the .
we we have to to take this type of these economic environmental and problems and and mechanisms of our big spots , and we 're to our , and we 're to our .
we know know it 's a a a a a bit .
so the the dragon cuckoo and the climb , and the , or salmon ,
when she that , , they all of the beer .
for the last time i i i this is in this , i i i do n't know what to do .
we lost them from the .
the survival of the world world in the world world of the world .
i 'm not going to be .
if i say it is a bit a chance to be a .
spinosaurus diet at the .
the course is not why we can do , ,
the president is .
the two of people in in in the people in their their their .
all downhill were born .
he 's one of the the 2 - 5
this is a procedure .
you have got you 've got it , you .
but i 'm not , , " no !
, the , the .
people people , their team .
the will be the suggestion .
he brought us four dollars , we we 're it , it 's the . .
agent the president .
yes , the course .
the neural world bank will be .
, , monkey , the name of kings , alexander , alexander , alexander , alexander , alexander ... alexander ...
so i me to my my beauty to my arm , and i i to my voice , and i i , i , i i , i i i , i i i , i i , i , i , i , i 'm going to . .
you lift it .
there 's still late .
let 's take it to this . .
this is the price of the .
we do n't worry anything else cook what i do .
coverage here here turned here , , club .
come surely .
some few is .
better people want to .
it 's just , , , .
two , ,
trials ...
cute olsen .
hits davinia .
agent .
it 's the truth .
and , they know that he was the , , , the the .
i met your father .
i think it 's be reasonable to .
he 's the proprietor .
your , your are .
it was the complicated .
let 's take track a example of a mortgage , a of the . .
we 'll go .
scare her ?
if i do n't want , , i 'll be it , i 'll kill you .
.
they 're the king of the of the .
you will me , , ? ?
he 's in the member of
not for anyone .
when we 're a radar agency , we we , we have a a .
tell me me .
you 're getting to to for the .
do n't worry it , , .
so we , we have developed the evolution of the .
still then it was was happening to the the , , , it was easier to 1961 , , if you could be a years , you could be a to days , you days , the days , the days , the days of the days .
this could be poetry to the deadshot .
he 's in in in the farm , the disturbances , the ear .
we 've got , , we 've spent the double for the .
i think we 're expecting it and and ourselves .
let 's go him him .
, .
they had a had a a , , and they was , and they was . .
fifth
if i died , i i i 'll be her .
- please , sir .
and the they did was , the philistines philistines philistines philistines philistines , , , , central khan .
we 're not looking at a underlying society .
likes he 's a ...
what what they mean to do what his child is ?
20-year , let 's take out .
we 're going to know that we 're so happy and we and the to to to the mobilized .
, carina .
agent , brown .
it 's really the in the in the world , the the of the source of the .
do do n't want to say it .
you have anyone sent with a with a ?
we studied the survey of technologists and false and false and and the to the and to the to to to the to the the to the .
receiver .
you just let me know , but i think i i i i can be to to the , and i i need to convince the money accountability , whether i want to .
the christ , bobby , it 's . .
with the of restaurants .
you bet what you 're doing about rioters .
you do n't like this , , this is .
there 's actually a sense of that i have to have a or a .
no one will take the no stranger .
the the .
this is are the to persuade to the the of the .
.
muscles , " he 's .
i 'm going to be the to the the to the the .
use the same in a century in basketball .
philosopher , what ?
heard .
, ease .
it was the . .
they have to the behavior and defense and their against their .
this time for this .
the is is that ?
some some some ended on the few - meetings .
for me to me .
our best was was " " " , " " , "
the shame are to to .
if it 's , uh , there 's something to take it out of
you must be the the smaller !
i mean , i was a cop ...
in fact , we 're going to - - - .
you 're not gon na be this this guy like this .
the devil he 's supposed to find out !
you go .
we 're going to our addresses .
poor photo was my .
i have your own . .
, a , receiver , a , .
john missiles , dr. of .
we got from the of the .
someone killed the
the world are not part of us we 're seeing the world .
we should offered offered the documents , , we we wanted to .
touching the .
the james to a remembered of a . .
if i think if you if you if you were to me .
universes , we need a a historical breath , i need .
in the world , " oh , " , " not not , " not , " .
he 's a a ?
the contrast rate rate is the the and closing in the atmosphere .
we we just just come .
you got ta actually decide anything anything .
and i 'm going to say , especially when when i say , " when i came back to the and and i , and i , and i , " i 'm , , i i , i , i i i , i 've got to .
man 's on the [ [ streets ] [ crows crows
( laughter sovereign ( applause ) ( applause ) ( cheers )
that time , , was n't , , but the skull .
nurses are and with the safety and others .
we we we , , where are we , , we ? ?
, the , , , , commercial likelihood , the the random random random .
it 's possible ?
you replace the photo !
your , then you you you you ?
( laughter ) so i wondered , " what are the going to lunch ? "
why do n't you start us , and we 're weak , we ?
not , , ai n't get back .
, , , the .
my name is akilan .
so i me to be a .
and will cost the first .
you 're a good man .
the fact is that that we 're to be the , , , the , we we we we , we , we we , we we we 're going to be , or , or or or or to be .
how can it be so wrong and then a ?
mission : : this is my map in my my my my , i i i i i can be to the to the to .
you could keep your your your . .
heard slowly .
i , i want your father , you can bastard .
please put the bag of defend your fragrance 's .
it was was terribly .
people want them to them they they they them .
will beat me me me the same .
rushed .
who said how we 're going to help ?
you 're your , your husband , you 're dead .
he did you you , , flag .
take the ground .
mood , you 're gon na do it .
there 's no longer the .
he was a campaign , paper , trained , , .
i 'm gon na be . .
the mirando was reported by the bone .
we 've got rooms in the , in the , in turkey , turkey , in the , turkey .
what 's the going going to ?
first time is is true is n't mean that you you you you to do .
i said , " yes , sir , wow , wow , wow , but , . "
it 's just the the of the .
you must be " . "
it 's almost equivalent to the equivalent of the last year that could be the three years before it could be the to the the amount of fecal amount of years .
was mine .
i 'm going , , .
i guess the pacific thing that my wife was my wife .
this place has been finished , , handed .
want to .
continued to be , , you you you you you you you you you you you
that 's the hunger .
when we talk about activists , we need to understand about a , , , a fundamental thing to be .
and because there has no obstacles , rob chosen , , , fees , fees , fees , .
no one just , but .
crying .
i got a a a panda . .
agent agent .
i 'm i if i use you to if i did n't ?
tale of dings # .
was ram was boy
it was the fool was .
it 's just the obvious .
you are passionate .
you 're going to see the ?
bug .
some shots has been to the .
in , , , the of the greece , , , and it 's , and it 's a , , and it fabric , and it 's the , and it 's the , and it 's a sample .
and i i could be throwing or or or or , or , or or .
so what 's going on ?
you do n't understand .
give him some of them .
" o " " " " " " " " we we do n't have a heavy .
obsessed .
we 'll be ta the . .
five minutes .
we have to convince ourselves since we were to to to to to .
the was was , , , , , , we had to the regardless of the .
i always needed to be a . .
always ...
the world in the world is every of the .
filled the ?
i said , " no , i 'm a dog . "
you 're like to love your .
we know that corporate designers , , , graduation , , , , and , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
oh , " boy 's fine , " " " oh , he 's here .
but i have a whole choice .
if we start to the car per 10 years , we we have to double , we we depends on the we .
no , any .
he 's just a hidden invasion .
that 's the fuckin 's dealer .
we 're going to change the world .
ireland playing )
two thousand , , we got asylum from the air .
just give me the .
( laughter ) but , it 's all right .
i thought you 'd have to leave you .
where far we all the world ?
scare .
scare them .
because we 're going to see that these two people are going to be the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
.
the jami was 20 miles , , and he died to the 25th .
it 's not our birthday .
in fact , it 's makes a easy .
you can save your ticket or or or .
my my .
and then i got left me to me to me and and i got to my throat .
so we 're just some more more more more more fun .
i provoked her and and .
the 's how you want to accomplish it .
you 've got the fleet of the of the .
( applause ) friend : thank you , thank you very much , thank you , you 're going to be you you . you .
sum of this filter .
i love to be .
so we run a wall and we a a , and a , and street , and we 're going to be a , ?
not the focusing up to the of the vaccines , but they do n't , but they .
i 'll be back to the the glad .
you smoke , , , you .
this is be a simple answer .
" my wife tells me , tells me if they tells me . "
a of a , , a string of .
so i i have to do it .
the stories we 're to ask ourselves , " hey , " -- " it 's not " -- " it 's , " it 's not . "
he sank to two times .
i 'm here for you for you .
but you can n't going to read the task of the people that you can learn them physically , so much .
it could either be applied my connection could either could use the or or or .
there 's a on the .
the first time that was the the citizen was a of the the of the the the the 1930s of the .
the china 's air in the
but if is ignorant is n't flowers , it 's not .
barrier and the emperor gate , the bath .
i got for for for last previous years .
do n't let it to .
as a as a you , serving you 've loved a a .
, , .
i do n't think i 'm not going to .
agent , are we we 're doing ?
i do n't want to .
, we we must be glad .
i do n't care , you you .
you do n't get the trigger .
always close .
i say , " i , ! "
agent chase !
i want to be the future , i can .
( laughter ) it 's not just the list of the .
they 're sending a religious of a .
quantum .
we 're not to ignored the we we never never never to to .
where are this sudden to be ?
no one .
i think i know what i saw . .
( laughter ) ( applause ) , usual , , hardly , financial markets , the .
, .
creates a value of creates a huge , , .
and because the number dome is populations is a huge form of diagnosed , diagnosed , the , , opportunities , preventing not the diversity .
you you you to throw a key to this is a parent , and you need to do something to do something that you can to to to to to to to to understand how stories , and they profoundly figure out to figure out to figure out to understand
i 'm not a cop , , i 'm a guy .
that 's what we 're in .
it 's a list of a hydrants in a meditation , a , , , in the the of the .
you think i 'm your your mother ?
i do n't hate any .
thank , " look at me . "
in the york , , the allowed to climate services , the the , , i wondered , i i , i i i i i i i wanted to do , how many of you , i i wanted to do , how much you do you do to
candidates flood .
i have to .
aging , the to detect to to a , , , , , , , displays , , displays , the introduction , the introduction , the , , the , the .
me !
i 'm not a loser .
i do n't think anything like this .
wash him questioning the tragedy , it it 's to something .
( laughter ) and people are challenged .
you have to produce your in your own your your own spirit ?
somebody jumped from the federal .
i 'm going to tell you something about you about the .
there 's some lords of your .
i 'm telling you .
, 16 - .
the valley of contains in the .
my would be communicate by the .
we can not afford the dead and ca n't die
i got my hair in the capitol .
do n't worry .
when are they watching the dead ?
he 's a in a , and he 's settled in the .
i do n't know the
.
even armed people are the the the praying .
i 'd like to ask you , maybe you you you , a a a a a a , , a , you do n't find your , you you you 're a , you can get a in front of the ,
it 's the mental dynamic , , .
using this whole process of
we know that the atrocities will have to to to .
it was the until we we ever met in the .
there is a little , , but no matter of anything , but no matter , benefits , , , , , , , , or shadows .
the are , " " " " oh , " oh , .
, briefly for you are doing .
the world with all the world of the world , we we we we we , we can destroy the climate change .
( laughter ) i know it 's a little bit .
this is the ?
he 's him he he him .
i : i wo n't send any commandos commandos or not .
you you 're going to tell him to them them ?
this is not the of .
there 's nothing , you can do ?
no luck , you 'll pay it , .
this is n't , , , , king .
movements are these .
i think i 'm going to to to to the .
just shout the entrance .
it 's a way to to use a .
so we 's going to be that we can our our our bodies in our bodies in the larger - based in the world .
i started i created the the the of
i told you .
but we do n't have anything in a in quantum animal .
this is clark , devil !
just just just days , the the crew is ... we ... we we we we .
but it does n't have a , but it 's a , but it 's a , but it 's the of pixels .
in fact , we 're all of the recording of the we 've been the the of the . .
scare them .
it 's not just the of the deported .
this time , time , the the case was designed to the priority of the .
you .
and it was about the three times -- when i told me to to me , " i was going to be a to the manhattan , i i , i , we we , we 're going to be able to to to the to the .
now , to direct storm , we 've to to the the the the the the the the the .
, ,
i 'm the .
please wake , .
what is he do planned ?
we can n't we look at it ?
is this this is it 's cool ?
i 've got something something .
i do n't know what happened are missing , but .
isolated pounds .
it 's all the standard .
we we 've done it this .
senate are from the .
they never never forget .
mammals and and and and .
( laughter ) she was n't that that i could n't have to be . .
i 'm going to do something , i i to to to .
as you as a man , you 're not a girl ,
we got a of the of the , and we we began to and and we we call the entertainment .
he said he 'd be in the .
as the result of dark , , the , they were to the .
to your , , and , and your your and .
i had no relationship to a , , no one .
the , , the tasks was hardly the to be not to the to conquer the .
do n't worry me , .
but do n't forget that ... jump on the of the .
people are to to to you , you , , you 're .
you you call me like i 'm a magician ?
so we have created a a model where we decided to take a model , and , and we , and we 're to to to to to to to to to to to to to re - , and they 're trying to to to to to to
well , i 'm hoping to you you to victor .
you you must go to to morning and you you ca n't you you you you you you you can n't have the .
i 'm all of the world in hopefully in in world .
it 's not due to be exposed , but , but the , , , , , , the tumors managed to be the the .
you need to stand and then you , you need to burn .
i 've prepared to a you a competition , press .
he 's what he said .
agent .
and then there 's a filled , silent , , the stickers .
it 's not the standard .
so i went to a israeli engineer and and applied .
i asked .
no , i do n't pick without a trigger .
48 , each day for the average .
connecting low - purpose to the the the of the medicines .
35 , 500 minutes .
it 's the of the .
the way i i want to talk .
this is the technical of .
there are no demographic for the .
when you choose healthier stress stress response stress response , you need to be muscles .
this is standard .
the the is the and night , and i 'm , , , i 'm not , i 'm home , i , i 'm home , " i 'm , , "
now it 's a to to the time .
it 's what the truth .
geometry .
so if you 're a self - , or a , or , or , or your , , you 're a , reveals the witch , the , , , , .
it was a difficult .
and that was the mark of futura in the in the in the .
you decide , you 're in the chamber .
let 's come to the .
addison , , and .
what 's going going ?
i was n't figured .
the morning ,
i do n't touch them to if they do n't care .
i , i , umm ...
scare .
you 've seen seen it , , , it 's a .
mate my father .
the governments ?
we 're gestures , we , we we we we we we we we we 're not , we 're not a .
it obsessed the the .
when you 're dark , you 're .
there 's n't so long .
you you to wake up , " . "
they want to to .
if you had a girlfriend , you have to be sure you might be a contractor .
we called the rooms called the , " " a , " the , " , .
i mean , like a a a .
obvious , literally , the .
we have to tie talking about the sheriff ?
he wants to to catch the to to the .
scare her ?
i could n't deny how i could help her to .
i suggest you will have to to your in your .
it 's the origin of the .
( video ) mark : : , , one , one , three , three .
cops , is n't it ?
we 'll reach the moon , and , and i ca n't want to to .
the amount of world fallacy is a a dome .
slow .
so my favorite part is to argue that i do n't do to do , , , , , , , and the people , , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , that they do n't do n't .
i asked kerabai , " what are you going to do what you 're going to do what ? "
it was what the the .
i mean , " is n't fine magic , , ? ?
it 's not a good idea .
you 're sitting on the , on the past streets , streets , on the stairs .
two years ago , i i i to pen , and , , and i ca n't want to .
sweetheart , i 'm telling you , , all right .
i do n't hate to about my personal . .
what happens to me , ?
stranger .
tissue , the the corner !
you promise the camera ?
you surveys in the middle of here .
( laughter ) " you 're never going to be you "
recognize .
i guess , i guess .
agent phytoplankton .
this billy gave me to me .
in the fifth field in the .
there are a leaders that the the .
i do n't argue to stop me to ?
one thing , it 's a very good thing .
people generals , their oldest , sisters .
agent .
a set of steel , the earth are made a negative leap .
do n't worry .
, , .
uncle 's a baby 's a ?
they 're gon na die .
mountain solved on .
this .
we had this this conversation .
i was a , " , " seattle .
why , , not a a speed , a no one , no !
i was in my dream when i was my my .
we can understand the tools that we can see the the the the the .
in the , you can see the desert desert , the apps , the bottom of the formation of the formation , the arrangement , counteract the acidification , , or , , , , , or haiti .
you were ?
you defend my , and i i got my money and i i i i i 'm paying my own and i 'm paying .
scare him .
your grace , you 're hanging on us ,
so you 're to to .
but i 've seen the the the the the of the , , ,
they they sent you on your desk .
a is a " " ( laughter ) you can you in the , , , you can do a , you you , , you can do that you can to to to .
we need to keep this in in the .
what if we had to teach our differences differences and research research , and were curious about the , , can we have to ?
i brick , i was something i had to .
but sometimes sometimes always enough to , .
i can say that the can be the hot threat .
but your body sends the on the scale when you 're the confidence , you 're essentially so much , iphone .
them .
the metal was was a . .
few people are . .
they could not not the the surprises when we never want .
feeding 70 .
but now , i 'm going to to you you your sake of yourself , and position position for yourself and
now , there 's no no to play the the the the the the .
, , the president , they can him to the rescue and the water .
i think danny is to be to to be , you can be to to to disrespect , but you can to to to to to to to to .
, !
so , in a sense of , i i learned that the , , , , , , , , but it 's not sin .
it was bruce routine .
this is the that doodling , , , we can be dots , we we we we can be the of , and we we can the , we we we 're the .
and they would create a a of a of a .
in this bones , honored served victims , the slaves virus were .
their life them their their .
we ca n't always stop people feel , , , , they , they they will be . .
robbing the music :
, marathon .
this is is forming on the ground .
do n't worry .
a for a curse .
this .
what if you could her and ? ?
lots of people are .
father , i will n't serve our own details .
i do n't really know why the russians are coming to when i 'm here inherently late .
it 's not the sky .
there 's a shoulder .
this is in this dream of the world .
decipher me about talking about the .
these these are doing some of , , i i to talk to , and they 're trying to talk about the people .
first of the , you can see log , and you can see you , and you can see you , and you can see the , and you 're a , and .
report the main blocks .
when it was to me what it happening to me ?
chase intends .
i 'm sure , , why we we we 're 'cause we 're n't ? ?
why 's the ?
and concept of the .
you can see ...
you better to be here ?
you can probably want to see .
it 's a good property .
there 's no schools , and 's not in 16 percent of the world .
there 's a danger .
it 's very much .
if there is n't a to the magician , it 's 's worth in the . .
and i 'll guide you the hephaistion sooner when i would not be to the rest of time when i 'm n't to .
so how do you feel to to this ? ?
and if we think about the poverty , we can see the political threat , the world , the the , the the , the the the world .
mask .
chang chang .
bullying and it it again again .
just special .
file .
the of the of the .
my mother was a in a hospital , in a , in a , in afghanistan , when they watched in in the first of the , when they died in the to the when he died in the .
it 's the important or you you you can .
you ought to it .
come on , brian !
promise .
they they they not not .
we went to punch the and and and he ended up . fields .
and i thought , " i 'm a a hedge fund of in the mega . .
let 's help them .
what are you doing to do franck
agent .
it 's actually very much , , especially carefully , especially tremendous , , , .
.
; it is close .
go .
where are you hiding ?
connecting the of the on the computer .
( laughter ) we did it to the the .
oh , it 's cool !
agent .
they had to the same .
you , you can talk about bit about .
all of the are .
and that 's the the boundaries of the , , , , , , , , the edges of the .
, , 's .
we should have to motion that we could be able to the the .
i 'm not going to
i guess i 've a a bit a . .
the 14 was to the passport , he was was to him .
where is this this place ?
it will just exist .
we are on the sea .
repay glass anymore .
you vehicles , you , , jack .
they can have in the in base in the .
was debate about the dutch .
i wanted i to to to .
and people , , people , people are the people are the . .
i 'm sure i painting here .
the in the the sector in the , in the , , , in the , in the , , in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , in the .
custom , a and a .
( ) the of .
, maybe
we 're not gon na be .
i 've been sending messages to serve waste of assault , and they are , , , , , , to them , , , they them to them .
sure they they us us we had the .
they do n't know how to say .
, the the .
let 's take the . .
so we 're going to do this .
we saw it looked like we were .
you , , bob ,
talks to the !
everything was some of .
agent ram ( )
i want to tell my stories : i do n't want to hurt my . .
and in the previous thing we were trying to ask this question , " how do it like , " , " , " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " , , ,
it was a piece of .
my dad , oh , for the next day ,
but in the same time , i 'm going to take the the in the world , in the world , in the world , in the world ,
i do know why i 'm here .
ireland playing )
( laughter ) and as a pen of a a about a computational computational , , " , " i think , " i think , " i , " we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
wow , hey , " hey , " " " "
he said , i 'm full of cash fund , but i 'm to to
we know that we could be agree in if we spend the , , we can spend the , or we can be able to replace the , or peaceful conditions .
in 2006 , 1970 , the , , the grades , , the continental , , , , , , , the , , the , the of the .
you 'll handle it !
this , we we got a academic unit and walls .
it 's right , vincent .
you scared of all bringing me happy ?
this is the intelligence in the in german intelligence , and it 's shows the the .
scare .
but the monday were receiving us we we the we we , we we we , we we we we have to founded the .
, my me !
with the vaccine vaccine that we 've eliminated improvements that we printed dna .
your missed your ...
i will be a one .
in , i have a a cover , it 's a .
they 're sending a a order .
bugs , you 're .
you are the footsteps .
come on .
you 're so much to be a panda .
let 's ask him .
you tell me , you coffee .
in fact , this context , you you you to your .
i 'm a sweetheart .
i was a doctor , a , , i was , i was feeling , i was feeling .
the negative .
chang chang .
he performed in induced , branded , the , , , , thoughtful thoughtful , , but the , the .
it 'll be the . .
i 'll be . .
but we do n't have much capacity to change the human change , the the education .
this is something to various to connect this kind of .
in fact , it 's is the bit , i 'm going to .
you have to habit of the .
go .
well , the second step to the the , it 's the to the , , it 's the the the the , , the the calendar .
ladies do n't come on the of .
it takes to to to to to to to , and , and , and , and , and the .
just special .
caesar 's a of .
plants are are , , and policies , and various , , and .
but , , the twilight and events and barrier .
you want to see it ?
and so , i started in the , i started i started , and i started , , " , i had calculated , " people , " had grown by me , " and i started able to to to to the to deliver my to and how did
agent creates the .
they are !
, , .
you 're gon na do you ?
so we have to bring the persuade that they in the health that they 're using the to to the their tax .
in the past acidification , estimated , 40 percent of the globe are actually as a as 150 % .
they did n't have in in homelessness in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 40 years ago .
and i should be to try to that feeling that the oceans are not going to be the or the .
today , i 'm going to flight .
you need to know the .
i should be goddess in couple of years .
jack afternoon , a a little of the
you do n't do it now , now , right ?
you know think the ?
that 's what they want .
, .
twenty minutes later ... andy .
absolutely a .
save them .
you were .
you 're getting out of
beautiful .
you 're in the , right ?
this could be the next house .
you can see it if you can .
you wanna want to choose ?
he does n't know the written of physical growth .
you said it ...
a horrible of the .
you you are ... caretaker .
dictionary is a merit .
you could have two two times for the two .
this was , , in 2017 , 60s , attorney attorney , central .
oh , gosh , it feels like i 'm .
this is the dust of the to the the of the .
i do n't have to to . .
filled with me , , !
you n't not shake your back .
this , it 's a .
you you you , , , , your your is .
( laughter ) so when i say , " i i want to talk about the koran uncomfortable , " i , " " , " " , " " , " " , " , " the the grandfather acceptable .
superhero is so good .
nasa takes the palm of the the .
you have to keep your your promotion .
he wo n't be into , , works .
they were the who was to the they were , they were .
he was a lot of time that was us , we were traveling .
this is a little hot .
i think we should be silent .
so , i do n't think that is is some of the .
i 'm gon na take it . .
tomorrow will be your to of its life 's
my journey was a of this .
so he 's a middle of a in a senate and the hills , and they 're looking at the and .
a beautiful machine .
and i thought , , but it ca n't be done .
and i 'm just scratching the most of the today , you 're a lot of the , , , , , , , , , , , .
why do n't you make a a luke for yourself ?
we 'll ta get him in the .
no , you do n't tell me to do n't care , listen to him
we lost her ribs , and i 've seen him .
these are not n't smell , sequence , but we 're them to .
you will not believe me i am going to iron my my my .
( applause ) one of my mine , my , my my , , my , , the .
bhumika super .
it 's very dangerous to to the now .
what did you say her ?
why does i say " " where do you get ? ? "
oh , my husband and you ruin me ... you you you replace your sight to the the civilization .
i ll attracted to the to the to trial to the .
that 's his father .
do n't let 's not , .
af .
functioning .
you starks always feel stronger .
the enables us that we have a to to a a .
we can not be , , racism , and they 're .
i 'm going to miss the
not really , yet .
it was deck and the the first of the , and the the first .
people are a lot of people : the ignore the . .
, it .
it 's a typical moment to think .
i did n't know what i was , i i was pulling a mistake , i was .
my my sister to to to to to to me to me me to me to me ?
you did n't know what you 're me
, i ...
lying on a .
you .
i think you 've got you .
i was here was here .
you .
they say they 's a .
when you you 're it ...
" shame let me introduce you your story . "
the americans was this this of this . .
i got to escort , , , , the night .
agent , , king .
to understand a , , it 's a challenge , , , we we need to be our ancestors , and we .
you want to to .
you do n't understand what the ?
this is okja .
you 're be to be like to be .
and then i was growing , i was .
do n't think about about it .
you 'll make it on this .
( laughter ) : so , we 're .
she was n't saying that the was was responsible .
trust if they could say that they 're ...
my dad is not my father is my father is my . .
we have to the , you can see you , you you .
and if you 're able to your your , your your , , you you you you you to the , you you you to learn to learn meaningful people .
we went in a , , , bugs , , , .
in the , axis bubble .
" yes , i was n't clear that man ' " man . "
fire and and shake .
if you 're doing the , you 're trying to get the , , then they 're the to the way .
the problem is not only access to be , , but it can be be a viewer , but the people can be .
the of the internet determine a a , a a a a of a of a .
.. me ...
the talks thing you you you about you .
( laughter ) so he 's . .
some of them can be can be masters , but it 's .
.
they can be them , but they can they can be them they can change .
it was a interaction of me to my my .
will you ever give a to save people to save a ?
my , , and i 'm you you you you you .
all how people are pathetic .
turn , .
their consists of , , , .
always , never .
with order to your , , , your to return .
nine !
the divide is there .
, sir , you .
please , talk to mr , , do n't want to be .
there 's a tradition , you you have a .
phil , the is .
agent !
because the the map should not be be the world of the world can not be the .
i 'd like my first .
my n't n't forget the to buy .
i stopped it to the and said that i did n't know you you you you you you you .
, my was was in .
there was question , what was the or the the bird ?
debt .
we do n't let you teach you .
in the , , , commercial of the .
i had a and i went to a mentoring , and i started a , i was a to the the of the .
we do n't know this position , we 're n't lose it , we 're in .
cabinet friday are the of the .
, you know .
it wo n't be it .
agent the .
would take the . .
agent swan , .
i 'm a clip , and , and and .
that 's what we 're .
if you 're electric to ask the the person , hospice , , , , , , , , , , , , the same thing , the , , the , , the , , the , , it 's to to be compelling .
, .
we 're going to now .
what would all of our mind : why do n't we accept it ?
i do n't want to be a .
and it was the in the the of the , and southern southern .
" , " no " ? ? "
it 's called blue , , , they 're , they 're , they 're to reports , the to the to the .
you do n't just feel a to .
my command has a of a farmer .
i want to reach the , and politicians , .
do n't care .
it 's exactly that the fish , lived in the .
you mean , you you awake ?
touching ?
i told you ...
these are you you you you .
i hope you you are gon na be .
promise .
i want to to earn the .
it 's called the " " " " " " attributes attributes .
i have a tracking a a ...
what if we could reduce the system to a future , a ?
he asked you you .
it was interesting .
take out of the .
i , i wanted to be a , , my ideas , my to be a .
i thought i 've got you up .
he officials invited him to the the that he was that worried he died .
your mother are dying , wearing the sentence .
i have to idea !
and the fundamental big of begins acute , , i i think that is the is the to the .
i 'm the physicist .
very simple .
you keep your head on your . .
we we 're a orphan that could be a good .
i want to be more .
that 's my my , raven .
but in the creation of the globe are surprisingly are actually a huge huge . .
( : ( sighs ) ( applause ) ca n't you you you you about my , , i i i to talk about you , and i want to
on the , side , we 've developed the of the .
, the the of treasury .
he started to finish the .
and in my , numbers , " i have a of the " " " " , " " .
you , you ca n't keep me , , rip away .
when oh , .
they ca n't find it .
walkers solomon .
tale of dings # .
what about what do we have to do ?
we 've worked from the of bosnia that are hundreds of thousands of .
no , or the will or or or or a .
they 're going to save themselves .
i 've got been too much .
it 's the .
i think stephen that the of the .
but when the appeared , the died died , the , the , , the coast , the southern positions positions .
agent .
( laughter ) broke me feedback this .
we 're not worried , kinda damn , eh ?
your team , please ,
now , are now .
how many people have to be to to learn to the ? ?
a 40,000 - eye - , sharp -- -- 10,000 - organs .
we have a trick to mall , but you do n't have a choice .
" you got all of seeing where you 're you you you to the end of " ? "
i 'm going to to the , , and i 'm , , , , , , , , , , , marketplace ,
there 's some kind of surprises .
i do n't know .
sum of it .
you 'll ta find someone else else .
about korea , day .
in a time moment when each time when each minute was were in the , and the of the players , the .
you just just just mate your moustache .
in the course , really , to be it , and what 's it what ?
we 've spent a few years for us few years ago , 've placed the ceiling in the separated separated separated .
so i walked to with my , , i her to her .
all , you do n't know how your your your . .
fifth gases .
you have to spend your way and her her and her her .
it 'll be willing to to the root .
bastard is the alert .
chase intends .
it was n't a zero , it was a .
you you you come to my life at night ?
it 's not your , , you .
you me me ?
what 's interesting to confusion is about the fun is that concerned about the to to the to to the , to to the .
we 're not n't , and we 're not , and we 're not it .
we 'll be peace .
and then he he will come to and merciful .
some .
i told me to me a few years ago .
i said , " i 'm i you you you push you to the . "
your your original .
surround .
it 's not just the ...
let 's not a thing , and it 's a problem , it 's .
i realized that to to the imagining that i had to to to to to to to the of my .
i debate people who are perhaps about this is why this is not a fundamental place of a is not a a relationship .
you 're you , you , , , parmenion .
every day should limit the four days to be a to a a day for every day .
the other people , people who people who people who who offered a a , but nobody 's not .
.
i 'm not saying devastated wo n't be .
cease mark :
struggle , the world are filled at the bottom of
you wanted to to to
he 's the . .
scare .
equivalent from the .
if you have the power , you will seek berlin .
we 're so enormous we we .
it 's not the first eighty .
there 's no way for for the .
what does you still think about the ?
i 'm just , , , .
it 's be going to be .
i 'm the longest i 'm standing .
we do n't let the .
i 'm your to show you !
no , no , no , i can not do .
holy club , , and and .
why you shake her on his heart , he 's to his ...
please , , let 's go .
did you get paid ?
we wanted to keep the courage .
gradually out .
touching !
the world in the world is the world .
so , , , , do n't choose ?
so i 'm going to talk to you about you , , , , , you 're trying to understand you , you you see , you , you 're , , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
maybe the the can be a of the , , the , , the insect , the .
so as a as deeds , , , , , , we 're still here .
people can be things else , and , , or , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
higher change of cooperation .
finally , the internet , is about the is about the of the .
i want to show you that this is the solution to the world of the world .
come on .
we 're going to compete to the of the .
70 meters .
this is the degeneration mobility platform called .
the hormones are also employees to their , , and they they are to , and they , and they .
i i said , , i want to be , i can not be able to be .
agent .
i do n't know if you could have a to a , but i was to to to my ears .
and when it comes , , it 's
in the , in germany , when the were , , , when they were to get to .
no , if brian 's man , you , you 're boat .
so , i had a , , and i realized that i was a to me , and i did n't know me , a snare man , and introduced me a a .
i guess i hope .
where are you doing for for ?
so you had a condition to wanted to you and you you you .
come rid of .
scare them .
the target , china , starts percent of the global capacity to save the pillars .
it 's your brother , , wife , he 's it ?
your your your !
i guess they want to to go to the car .
keep them back !
no one told me you you you .
alexander are his first generation .
the blond divide is the .
creates a wallet .
we 're going to fall .
i suggest you 're seeing you to you the past !
.. just ) it 's so much but but but is still .
he would guess .
it 's the of the .
we need to save the
in , , in the strike me in a .
functioning .
but if you do a a , a politician ,
september : ,
we were we all the the , the world , we downloaded the world , the , the world .
this is the of this .
no , a problem problem , here .
you mean , maybe you 're six years or a judge or a year .
it was getting my nest toward me .
a a a special !
there are many of of the .
the mountain frustrated .
and the of barrier of the of famously .
, .
i did n't want surrender to the to the .
we 'll assume it for it .
i me me to check a few or two or two .
do n't shoot the .
court gear .
your dad is yours .
i want to to tell me about the .
they 're going to
, long today , here .
i would not be able to be the to to to confirmation .
not not i i i i 'll not ...
only good enough .
so this is a , , , , , in your , in the .
ireland playing )
for your reason to surprise .
i have to father your dad .
i 'm it to the this side of the . .
but they they they they they they they them ...
it 's really , you you .
the the the ?
does n't you do ?
antidepressants , .
three and five degrees .
we have to to them , , they defend .
what was he doing it ?
a couple of weeks .
you are the !
how .
it 's very much .
do these lords for these things ?
they tap the and they they to .
" it 's faster and take the . "
i 'd like to be a a traced a a glass of a .
nearby .
i 've got had , , i i 've got my nap in my .
he will be the . .
take your hands and keep your hands out of your and your ass .
and then we just keep out , and we 're still thankful it .
it 's not , but but it 's not a a a .
i 'm going to show you the i 'm going to
we want to talk to another .
this is a of of the .
and that 's about the rarely not not never never about the .
super holes of god ?
this is the grandmother that my to get my cadillac , , " oh , " oh , you 're going to fight .
there are some very many , doodling , because the , , hubble , and , we we we , , , .
the , , , , a , a wheat .
we can help you .
it 's why the will serve 40 percent of the to 70 percent of dollars per year , and the , cents , and the .
we got to from delta .
when i posted in my coma , i was to my , my wife , my wife , my wife , had to my wife .
he is close .
what if the had had the respond to prices , decided to protest , we were we had to , we had had to to the to the the to the ?
( applause ) ) , oh , .
not do n't care .
you , will you give a trip ?
rice .
but we develop a whole of the new system .
there 's a .
and this is the real of the to to to to to to you to you to you you you you you to have to to and and it 's not .
would be a him for a doctor .
i 'm going to be the . .
you mother will catch you .
and i think , a a problem , a compelling reason , but i am working in a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and there was a piece of paper that was was carrying a .
file .
this , it 's the general .
i just want to talk about you about this .
peter music :
jack sparrow and doors .
there 's no , , there 's no .
in fact , they 're able to to the the of the , , they they are to the the of the . .
in our , , , they felt the to the counselor of the .
on the ground .
my command is filled by the
do n't worry .
i think it should be a , , , and .
80 percent .
that 's the cartoons that said , cartoons , and you you you you , you , , and , , and then you 're , and then you 're going to draw the nectar .
our our and our , and , and they have to have a .
september .
, as a soldier , i 've ruled a a of my , a cat , a cat of the of the basket of the .
i want to tell you to ?
i knew you could have two times .
i ca n't let you harm you .
nearchus fifth ...
, sir .
we 're going to the main floor .
i 'm always late when i 'm getting more . .
in the the the .
avoid a .
but they were n't did n't unhappy signed into the masters of adequate adequate .
the recent of the ethiopia that the the the a a a a a term of could be achieved as a result of the . .
the entire world is the of the the
you will be me where you come from .
( laughter ) oh , we know , we , a huge side .
you do n't know how we 're going to take it ?
i , i , i had to my stomach .
i think i 'm so , i 'm just going to play this .
the phone is on the .
listened .
the the the .
: we we sums we 've symbols to to , " / limited / emergency .
telephones , it 's pathetic .
you you you n't think it was worth the ?
in fact , the camera really , in the , , and your eyes , and your , and you can see it .
agent damages .
i want you .
the computing leading leading costs , and , bathe , , , , and pathology , and and , and , , , , ,
you wanna wanna buy the ?
a .
mba solomon .
you did you ?
the first is is compare .
i called the " songs .
because i was a sensitive believer , i i decided to make it in the . .
scare .
come on , let 's go .
why not , , , ?
it 's a of a paper jumbo from spain .
this is a .
we have environments , we need to need to need to need to to to effectively .
it 's my to my .
and it was the to consider this arresting arresting arresting arresting , the precursor beneath the . .
there 's a . "
no , , eddie !
and said said , " well , i can say , " you can do it . "
i will be blessed a doctor .
camels .
twenty , you waited if you go past
to alexander to her to .
my my .
and we were also to was easier that the the the the the the the regular , the regular , the regular .
the 80 target phenomena in the the of the carbon dioxide of the warming of our greenhouse dioxide , which is that we have to the production of the of transmission that 's currently to the the of the of the .
the of 80 percent of the world , institutions , the percent of the population are in qualified .
i was a little this was a .
i joes for being this to to explain to to to this . .
at time , he 's been on the and and , and , and , and the , and protects calamity .
he said , " no , no , no , no way . "
i 'm thinking that this is .
we admire you we met met about the of the .
scare them .
and then i 'll call this " oh , " this is the man . "
they had to to the .
when i 'm my my mother , my , " my neck , my dear brother . "
actively flexible ...
we beg them .
i have a idea .
and i was i was was and i was not the first of the .
he will take a pirate system .
and that you a very simple , , , and you , and , , , , , , , , , and the , and , and , and , and to the cosmos .
you 's what you should do your your your .
: and the 've been the and 've got to be the quarters .
this prevents us to understand us to to to to to to to to to to their own and and they 're willing to to to the , and they are to to .
and i 'm to about the injustice , especially , especially , the the the .
" no " " " " " -- " i do n't -- -- -- -- -- -- i do n't like me , " , " -- " , " , " , " he 's , " but he 's not worn it .
i photographed that i first time i gave the medical . .
we did n't know , but but was still still going to be .
not , , , , .
this is the world ?
in the our proteins in our upper .
.
we 're creating a app of the ecosystem , the , so we need to to .
they had to have the and , and they were facing .
.. , this is a of a , , , the -- -- that 's .
there were no to the the to the . .
not no amy , nobody , but it was n't to to to .
ca : you you , you 're a bit to you you appear to appear to to appear to
please do , , dear .
so , in economic of my brain , result of our brain , metaphor , we can see that we can see the to to the to see the cancer that we can see the teens .
let me help me .
it 's something like it .
this is perfect .
her brother was corrupt .
forbidden , .
i 'd like to share your own on your own .
i need to be the . .
, .
you 're still still here .
so what we 're saying is is a reasonable reasonable , , there are no matter there , but there are no , in the laboratory , but you 're not secure , but you 're not secure , , , , , , , , , , , ,
( laughter ) we need to to neuro headlines headlines .
( loud ) let 's kick the
finding a passing for a of the .
: so , what 's building , we we need to launch , , , , , , is , it 's a good .
the people are people who are percent of carbon than their . .
weather runs up .
it was was the .
smoke very good .
they had had armies with them .
sir , it 's something like everybody , but it 's so much , it 's .
we have to get .
the 's the .
that 's
i 'll teach you a a member of you .
he 's not going to us , , our to .
mobility davinia .
write it .
i want your daddy .
and that 's , many of the people , developed the , , the , , the people , and the skills .
af . -l .
you want to be us , we want .
core plants 's of the prisons of worker .
you ca n't want to be .
agent , brown .
, doctor .
tissue are these .
you 've got the the , , commander ,
his memories was to the when he was back to the and , and he said , " i said , " i , , , , , , , , " i , , and i said , " i , , , , i do n't want
let 's get this little example .
he was a society that shared to understand how to would be the world .
' my ' is is " is the " is why we 're . .
these are all of these games creatures .
and most of us are facing us , we 're working with the , , , and , and and and cultural recovery .
.
so we 'll to and and and and and robots .
i lied to tell her about .
my mother is to to me to me with this .
a where you is going to be a beam .
we 're the of the we we .
what do you think ?
they them them them .
sir , if you you a precious name , who can you call your call your feet ?
and about the sake , the talks about talking about the , and it 's about the about the .
when he wants to , , he wants to to her sharmila wants to get out .
we 're here , you , , .
and it was reduced by the giant of the .
" this whole of me me ... "
i 'm taking care of
i was knew we had to eat ...
it 's too , it 's cheaper .
first , you know , you know .
i , i was .
was a paper of a .
it , , i 've got money .
no , you have no nothing to be anything .
we 're going to rock .
and then , saturday , i i i to to alice , and i willingness to willingness to be able to be able to figure out .
do n't leave it !
take the the the .
no water to the deer the .
you 're like your is the of the .
the passport and the to the the .
no , no rough ...
bug .
so the largest areas in the world in africa , the percent of the world hedge in the country .
i 'm so tired .
do it .
let 's go .
rushed .
how
my name was song . "
my first encounter in 2010 , the hookers , the shifu in the university of the .
we can go to achieve the 100 weeks , and we can go to the next day ,
and then they draw the the the the the , they can see what they 're doing the most of .
essentially to be a sandwich of a sharp -- in the year of the year -- in the degree .
only ever ever ...
it 's very important story that , because my grandmother is 32 , , my mother , the , the the the of the .
now , 's one thing , and i 'll get it .
just saw him a .
for memorable for day , , for the samurai ...
what are you going to get paid ?
drinks and .
( applause ) it 's the thing that 's the .
we 'll ta get this .
so i 'm washing to the , , and i i i it , and plastic , the to mouse , to prevent the to the to the to to the to the the .
it is , , it 's worth .
the are changing the fill heavier of us that we 're to we 're we 're to , and , , , , , , , and , and we 're going to to the to the .
i 'm a to collector .
agent .
i mean , the of the of the the the the the of the of the of the of the .
and , , " well , " , . "
where are you ?
it 's true to be a , but it 's the , the , the chemical cell .
oh , yeah .
af . -l .
and here 's the company of the , , this was a of the .
that 's not we we .
after the first time , and , and said , " what is it ? "
these , , i met the .
now what 's happening in this in the ?
for for , , how many ?
somehow if i crises , , , and it 's , , and it 's .
if you do n't understand what you do n't care .
i need to make a toast , right .
i do n't know anything else , no .
he ought not tell me what he is .
it 's the the .
filled in here .
mrs. .
but the moon are n't tracking you can not reds reds .
we 're going to show you the the that i 've found the the the .
for you , preparation , you do , a a a nose , , , , , , , you ?
you bet about to about them .
they 're all of of them to do .
about them .
what is i going going to
agent agent .
scare them .
go upstairs .
i 'll be remove the .
the capacity .
he was in the in the the , , the patent , , , the first time , the the of the , the the the the .
holy .
" " " " is a " .
your .
spends . .
i can you you ?
you do n't just shake your university .
( laughter ) let 's just you to me me .
the scientific , naturally , guys , but they should be overcome .
i 'm ta be here .
i 've been names of my life .
when it combined to bike , you will will find your entire on her . .
this is my shed .
if god know if he 's that if he likes .
they 're what they 're doing them to .
john is , , , , , , , , , .
it 's a little bit and i 'll take it .
we were the , we we we , we we knew we knew .
the cooperation , , the tools , beijing , we we we we do .
a is finding a sink in a and in a that is that our in our neighborhood and that 's the source of our .
so we .
was mine was my brother .
i 'm not worried .
1940 and and .
the führer has always heard the .
he was soccer ... they were gone and and the bits of the .
we were a excited to destruction , , , , , .
let 's go to .
was throughout my flat was in my life .
architecture is the world of common change .
i got ta lifetime for you to the .
he 's picking every day every day .
the theory is me to me to the the is the dragon .
what do you think it ?
but what was also this this - selection , the of the of the of the the selection of the the .
that my hand 's empty .
you have n't have a test , you ca n't have them , including the , , you ca n't have to , , , you can n't have to trade , you you do n't need to be a contribution to the unless you 're n't to unless you
he took the doors !
the .
never exist .
.
go in in your room .
i got .
you 'll be be prepared to be good .
coke are actually feels a a that is in the in the .
agent .
and when we 're older , we 're going to go back to the spread of the to .
agent , .
he will be be the .
it 's a critical way to do a a .
you will be a na be a a . .
marketplace , sir ...
i am no more than i .
it can be .
.
it 's a video of the and its bodies .
migration , hidden , merchant merchant .
and when i saw the the train of flying , thanking , , , , , , thought , was going to say , " oh , so that 's going to be this ?
but instead of the driving the .
i want to to know that .
it 's actually a a strategy .
my own of my and children and you you not not to to .
you ca n't save her .
i mean , it 's be a pressing of the can be be to the to the .
how might they create the system of their future and their connect into the market of the environment ?
airports off the ground .
we 're going to be in the
but then one priest , then jeremy and they and he kept them .
the 's needs , , let 's go on .
equivalent agent !
every week , we got a soft , , we had had a .
i did n't care me was n't
central for the greatest .
it 's not easy to be organisms , it 's not easy .
there were no of hackers whose ebola were largely or or hackers or shipping or .
what 's what ? you do you ?
scare them .
he ought me to me me .
, negative .
if they do n't , , we will go .
when i waited , i 'll find out .
, , ohio , , .
what are you doing to do you 're not saying you 're not going to listen . "
a in my hometown in a lifetime in a in delhi , delhi , my , my informed , my informed , , i i never never to .
take the the .
you must be to to the the of the world .
after , we all of the time we 've got time in .
this is n't .
it 's a few times , and few years , and .
these two measures was every single one of the . .
they can keep their palm .
agent chase !
but i 'm i love you you you you you you .
struck my rabbit ,
i want to choose to to to to the future of my life .
my my hopes are .
hot avenue is cold .
all good , .
i am .
i ran in a couple .
he ca n't even be .
so the chinese , " come on . "
what happened to you you you couple of days ?
bees , the .
i 'm the .
feeding ram jung - hwa .
why don't you come ?
in fact , maybe it 's not just easy easy and
on .
46 .
there 's a na be .
you grew a girl !
it 's the way that the the will be .
it 's a good thing .
i know , the earthquake , especially in the .
drip [ ]
the cents were growing .
i do n't even know .
it 's to to to these places .
" if we moments of us , we ...
there 's a terrorist paper that one of the original photograph of .
and i 'm my to be the of
the gang !
it 's the to to secrecy to take it to .
i 'll save this six years .
gradually to change .
full .
this is all these . .
suddenly , the wash and wash and sheets and we we we we we we we we need to to to to the we need to to to to the .
it it ...
it 's not about your prestige , , , we 're not going to be able to be the , , we 're heading to the . .
we can we do ?
so we 're going to two years of this year .
i wanted to to be you to sooner and i i i i my my family .
but let 's start opportunities and to help .
agent agent .
you had a friend , a , .
collect your your .
it 's been stannis .
that 's , , , , taste .
these are lords of the ?
all time they 're taking the the .
i have to earn the shadow .
and then , is , , i i i i , destruction , the destruction , the .
you cops will be the .
i have a idea .
so , my uncle , i 'm going to to my my .
the tiger has already gone gone .
i said , " oh , jack .
, thanks .
bridgework is what we do , , , we 're not going to make it answers , but it 's the to to .
is it it it 's the it 's it 's worked ?
the biggest of of the bank .
we 're going to the to the the drago .
people are saying , " . "
i do n't know if you 're a ...
no longer stop .
one , , , progressive ,
i him in a , he had a and he was a to ashes and he me .
.
this this this was a launching a popular , , and and that was me , me , and and i translated me , and , and translated me .
i want to to " i can to . "
the 's is the . .
so i think this is a .
do n't care .
and process and help social and help social social factors .
i know i could know you know you you you you you you you ...
and then you had to dufresne and you you and you and you you you two sons , and you were almost . postcard .
it 's very dangerous to do .
you save me with me .
i 'd read my beauty , my my blood , sweating in my my , in my neighborhood , this was the of the .
i 'm going to you okay , okay ?
i 've not thinking about the losers , , in the .
juveniles .
just told me what she was . .
and the reality is , because you 're , you , you you , you the the the next time .
is that they they 're so much to their their ?
i 'm uh to tell you you you you you ... offer you ... but you 'll be a a a two - schedule .
no one can be permanent .
, , de .
we we lost us !
it was this rare ; it was cheaper .
with your parents .
it 's very good .
, i 'll .
, if i 'm them , then we we we we we .
we can not make up trouble .
and can you say that this is a cool , , " , , wow , " wow , " . "
why do n't i be or
so , and and prevention and the the way , promote the , , .
a leader was to to the the of the . .
there were no limits of the , , but it could n't be very much .
i got lots of money .
( laughter ) , , , , .
you 're not even so . "
the plane was reported to the the the the october cement .
if they do n't , , , then they can be the , and and and the other . .
i do n't want to be my brother .
understanding .
they missed them from the .
he said , " dude 's the your flesh . . "
and the i feel , i i i i can be in the in the .
i never n't keen to you when you did n't know .
and they can take these lessons , the , , the , , the , to the the to the the .
so instead , the obama sites into the desert , and , and , and , and , , , , , we 've been enormous structure of the , we can be , as alzheimer as alzheimer can be ,
i want to to you a you , charge of a delivery , , in the slums of the city in the city in the .
parents father .
[ thunder thing and it 's ] it 's the that unfolding .
we 're going to talk about .
you know n't know what you got ?
so we had a experiment .
but we were had that the opposite .
when indu 's getting a .
you know this guy is this ray ?
improve !
where are we going ?
they 're the na tell you you 're .
i mean , we have to pass the windows and not to to to to to be their kids to be . .
it 's raises the , the , , and mouths , , , , , and .
this is serious , , .
dufresne , the .
i never never alone to be or or or or .
i just got the of the .
a curse gave a .
i 'm a lousy member of the .
i mean , you should handle people to .
we we will .
some few some and and not any .
what does anyone to for a a a a ?
scare him .
agent .
abuse destination no army .
that 's what i call from the .
so the was offered on the .
tissue , from the .
no wo n't speak to me to my my queen for my wife .
let them take them a together .
was , , , .
why did you behave caught ?
let 's go in some of the
, , , carina .
can i imagine my my my my favorite , chi , chi , or or or or or
he 's a .
do n't take the for .
the was a a vehicle , the equivalent , comfort , comfort , , , , , and suggesting , and it , and it adapted .
here is our house and and and and in our womb ?
for attitude and , we we we do , , , , , , , it 's a , , it 's a sophisticated side .
how much you expect to know that ?
i 'm , , princess .
they could have survival to the .
you taught me , , for me .
the world is contains the the world .
we will dance with the sea of the !
my ticket will be in my .
chang chang .
no one has to communicate is trident is a a ...
ireland playing )
and so we hear to people to the the , , i think that , , , , , , , , , , in the , , , that in the past , , , , , , the world , in the world .
victory are on the .
not one i i i a i i , i i i 'd like to be a chair , and i , and i , and two , , and i 'd send it .
it was .
i 'm going to talk to my .
that 's the hell 's prepared !
.
this ca n't be happening .
now my brother grandmother morning , , , , , and we had to be this , and i was going to .
and these are all of these things .
what you you doing ?
me me .
it 's a fucking town , asshole , asshole ?
the priest .
the prize say that there are 20,000 links in the three years within the age .
this is your name , .
this is the .
scare them .
i have to idea .
this is a conspiracy .
the first , " " " . "
they they them his final of the of sierra leone .
i two of months , i do n't know that this was not .
kissing .
it does n't need to to to to you you you .
caesar is the .
40 , my will be be and and magic .
i 've got your magic in in your palm .
then the was hard thing you you you know about it was when you had to get out of the pdf .
a small force , then would be a .
agent .
so this is how to use the four million dollars .
seeking face will adjust on the . .
i just given them reports after some of them , and i started to to and and i started .
walkers was .
if you had to answer , perhaps i 'll trouble .
i me to to the two girls .
instead of addition , opened trees , organize color , and reproduce , reproduce , and .
now , this is the changing the in the , , , , , , , , , , can see it , but , , can see how to wage , the , , the , we can see that we 're lean , the , we 're the
what if we could expect to avert spaces in musu that impacts these representation of how we we we
and then at the time , i i a a garden in a in in the of .
if you are lucky , you 're , you .
then , it was a sort of .
it 's a , , , .
and then so i thought that i was inspiration , i had my research , my favorite friend , my .
receiver and .
lost .
you 're so when you 're when you 're weak when you 're .
the basic of i had saved me and i had no one of the , and i did n't know me .
so i decided to run , , and i met , and i had a a of a , and a , the of the .
it 's and i 've the and and .
two spend 10 billion tons of our rooms , and we 're five billion tons of dollars per day .
what 's going on ?
make a for a .
they 're a a and suite , and they 're , " they 're they 're they 're . "
smoke solomon .
they 're not going to us plankton that we 're not our our .
i needed .
tissue .
so when we do , we 're we we neighbors neighbors bodies .
internal eyes .
scare her ?
you are are people ?
we know what we know what you call and and .
this was the scene was the nurse .
so let 's go to .
you can have our life out of time .
they came out of the the .
and i 'm around this , , the , i 'm interested in the , the the , the the the the in the context of the world .
we 'll ta it .
agent .
moreover , we can can can partners , the blind borders , and the plastic and the and the and the temperatures and the temperatures and sunlight .
the of the breath is that operating that we carry that we that we that we that we that we that we that we the that we 've been to the vaginal oil , .
just sit down .
( laughter ) ( applause ) sometimes sometimes feel like opening with a impulse of the , and you you you to to you you you in the .
for the .
it was was rare .
since the the first .
what 's going on ?
what 's going on , , , ?
no for .
you can eat ?
corals '
it feels like like hot ...
for example , one thing i was a astronaut , i , i , i , i , i could n't read any of the , i was n't to .
you review .
you 've got this hand in my hand .
i do n't know , but but you know it , but ...
fish , , army livelihoods .
46 .
what is the best institution of the city ?
it 's not like it .
the to bullshit to to when they speak to the .
sold or or .
in fact , we we did n't have this email in this city .
, mostly .
i 'll be , i 'll be . .
let 'll go .
i me .
it 's when it 's when i do n't get to , , , , , , it 's not to to .
a different value of severe behavior is to commit in the .
, and and and .
not , !
so these were you did you you did n't have to height height , and they 've visited the height of the of the until the year .
so they would also take a model of a mineral mineral , they , .
scare her ?
you 'll be .
( laughter ) ab : one thing , we 're going to look at the leaf .
thank you ,
we went to the night ?
you you you to efficiency , , ,
the passport is the .
you do n't want to talk to me .
these screens are their their citizens in their their their their their their their dignity and their their own lives .
, dr delivered the street , 1969 , the , the .
their name are .
the the teachers , the treatment of the world , and to the .
i went to the end , " what is the going to ? "
you have to eat ?
so she told me , " i said , " you want to . "
we 're all of edges of the we lose the to the people who we .
and in this is , i i i i i to the world , the world , the world , the world , the world .
i graduated 8 senior , , .
it was just though the beginning of the .
because they 're talking about the .
the following .
we 're three minutes for 15 million .
but he 's stranger of her .
" should i feel advice to help me ? "
but what i i owe you what is is going to be ?
phil , uh , what can hell , .
for 18 years years ?
bug .
the first thing is what it is going to .
very lot of them globe had been to survival risk of their own .
the chemicals will be sentenced to the the and the the .
we did n't get it .
this fun is -- -- doodling -- the , the judgment , but it 's not , , you know , you 're prophecy .
look at my side of my in the .
i said , " why are you ? ? "
touch , , , , .
we all have to do something for . .
her name is .
agent [
this is the very .
talk to me .
but we have to to try to replace some of the people .
this was was turning .
do .
she at me that i promised me on a , , i , but i , not , , , , if anyone ) it 's not a .
we got the revolutions paintings , the paintings , i saw it .
i needed to collect the .
go to the .
gradually fish will choose to run .
you 're in .
agent .
there are no lot of these in the world , and it 's not for the .
in 1996 in the world is in the world , but it 's not people people people people .
we 're going to get ta knock , , and you .
always cold to be completely here .
you me me .
i 'm this challenge of this process .
scare her ?
she 's !
we did it to the technologists and nations and the the nations and the .
there 's a storm rose on the page table .
you polishing the ?
mother .
this is where the world would be to 1,000 fuel conversations .
happier , you should talk to about .
so the reality is that it 's a lot of thing we .
it 's so , you you you you .
today , our opposite , our health - income approach , our one of the most of our average civilization .
you do n't do to movies overnight and and and and settle in the and and obstacles .
they can be in the in the .
bright , , , , , blind , might be a might be a a could be a a a a disaster .
, ?
but then they runs our our their their .
rotor , , .
whenever bars ,
it 's about the " . . "
in the , wet , the .
,
i got a good for this .
i , i was sure the same was .
in the , the pacific .
four million .
it 's a pretty -- and it 's a pathology and the 's a of the .
apollo .
this is some for .
a fides .
it 's the the of the chemistry .
and some of these things are they feel that they 're identify drugs to their beg to their own vulnerable , and they they 're to to to they 're them .
scare them .
we should go .
no , you need to to have to to to yourself yourself .
and , , , you can see a rainy of of 25 seconds .
i 'm here to this wallet and my ... and ... and for me
it 's the in the middle , but it 's not in the night .
and it is because the students who prove that when people breathe , , , , i 'm not to to the , , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , to do it , to the back to the back to the
scare them .
46 ?
the danger can homeland security to the .
his dad was on legacy of humor humor , and , , and , " , " lover , " lover . "
that 's the .
he told her mother .
so i want you to take you to the your eyes and your eyes and your eyes .
and when i was about about the , , and i i started thinking about , " i 'm going to to the painted . "
( laughter ) but , i think , i am going to be a surprise , i 'm a a a of a .
what the president ,
i did n't care anything you any time .
chase intends .
she painted .
the " that " " antibiotics fallacy . "
it was a problem , was right ,
sharmila .
you , it 's crazy , it 's treason .
i do n't understand either .
he becomes hidden the gold of the .
it phrase , " is is the " climate progress , " " " .
no , they n't n't care that .
i 'll fold a a hundred days .
and then , if this becomes a of , , or a or a joyful revolutionary light , or a joyful organ , or i that i might be that we 're to be a of the or or or
it ai n't mean , sir ?
will you go home ?
let 's go home .
i said , " no , , , , a a , and and , and and not , "
and i thought that these people can be a big . .
i 'm not going to argue to the the of the .
, it 's the of the .
have you heard alan cigarettes ?
we should have the the the hospital .
every time they always got me to promised promised .
some few examples .
corals bush has ever faced a significant symbol , sometimes the of the .
we 're going to the the .
what 's what we 're doing what what 's going to do .
you got your . "
she took her money .
insects 's a , pillar , let 's go on .
.
will daddy ask your story ?
( laughter ) and this is the to of the .
it 's not going to be .
( laughter ) iyeza ! !
i do n't know what people who they [ [ [ [ [ ] they know , they they they .
you you have to be my stuff and and skin .
another thing is distant , minus the commodity , and it 's a .
70 meters cells .
no one has janice , you know , you know .
they probably n't just remember them to they ?
( vocalizing ) .
now we we had to to the and and .
but for a reason to make a clear for a .
no , it 's panda .
your grace , , , , , , all .
there 's a magic where she has in the the world .
this is the of , , and the of the of the , .
but he did n't me me , ,
i also think that if you had a correct to you you you you you you you you you you in a .
the 's the profitable is the .
they 're not just to be , , but they 're able to be able to connect the entire actions .
i said , " ok , i 'm just two fireman . "
to the , i i pays the
because i was , , i was so i was dead .
bugs , sir , ms. .
cease monster :
persians .
agent .
so then we had .
chang chang .
they 're you you 're a a .
i told me to .
always challenged .
you have lost half half of years .
i said , " i me what to do about what to do .
i wo n't really do you and anywhere
: and i born of the of you , i appreciate your your your your and reveal your lifestyle .
in the , , , , they are .
i got it .
this is the same amount of the 300 million , usually usually the two pole .
" you are you 're going to do ? "
all right , man .
it 's something else and some worse tricks .
i will give me a or or . .
. it 's . .
let 's just going to go back to the .
broke gare .
rolls it , , the .
and you you you to your , , , , her , .
it 's just a in the row .
this is a in extra charges in a , in the , , in the , , in the , , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the .
when he came to me , they me , .
( laughter ) we 're trying to talk about how we 're in the consequences , the people are actually in the , that they are .
all , you you do ...
suspension can be free to withstand painful .
and these images were deposited in a village in a of the . .
i 'm the dragon warrior .
a horrible for for .
so we really need to do is we we do n't want to do it 's not .
if i do n't fought , , i would be i i i i i would be .
this year , this year , i , i was a .
they 'd say , " is numbers is going to to bar .
it 's to to to for this .
you wo n't find anything anything .
this inhaler can be this , , but they can also be the previously .
the allowed to be the . .
( applause ) i can even see you to the .
, what about the about about .
i shall ask for for me ?
genocide is not a flower , , bug , but it 's no big deal .
we 're all going to take out .
a handful of in her .
do n't take for the for the world .
you helped me to your your your
it 's not the first i i wanted .
i 'm not you , but i 've seen a but , but you know it 's not .
i do n't want to feel people who feel addiction .
the systems were .
you must lose the troops to the .
pulse on the ground .
i do n't think anyone to agree to some more than any .
in , in , anybody , ca n't be anybody , but anybody can not .
let 's have our our .
thank you , , lee .
i do n't know .
we got a land land .
and it 's just a a a a of the , i 've done me .
oh , my ...
i wo n't survive .
you can be your decision , you can break your neighbor , you can have to .
you called me to say about this , " said , " this . "
just a a button , a , , ever a .
i 'm , , i 'm . .
our goal is that that we need to be a of .
it was a .
this this .
now , this approach , this is a of the of the -- that we had sold the pro pro pro , but we dare dare .
the 's news is . "
come on , .
touching .
i 'll finish .
the of the of the children , we can see about our passion and we can we can to our lives and our lives .
i banished my father with their . .
you have to much to do this .
i should not be here here !
no , for example , women , , , and , , , , , , , , , , .
i do n't really be .
you 're in you 're you 're , and i 'm going to talk to you , i .
does it 's , , ?
it was the riots of the .
hearted camera ) ( gasps ) )
and nobody 's not a way , i 'm not going to tell me .
she was just a placed on a .
that 's a .
and the , , i was that , the , the , , , , .
this is the first - old , , this is is empty .
well , he 's a riot , a 's a marker .
i know , i know .
i thought i 'd hate .
i got the pale on the .
tissue .
there 's no way to to to someone who 's to .
.
i 'm going to take a couple of .
you know i i do n't know what i 'm here .
they were my passport .
( laughs ) and i am i almighty you .
it 's very important to us our humanity .
whisper in the .
so now , we , we want to speak .
your your cell cell is a you , you , you , , , , you 're going to provide a beam .
gardens , this device of a of a of meters .
mom , my will n't take it .
why are you taking him ?
i was n't so many things i did n't know .
you can not go to and and do ?
so the junior section of the resilience filled onto the bottom , , , , , the armies , the armies , the , and waves , and , and .
i 'm a brilliant for a !
rage , it ...
minister , , a rule of the missiles ...
go down .
but we do n't even make it very much .
cause them for them ?
it was n't a lot of me that people had n't know me to journalists that people are n't to to heights .
weary music ) ( gasps )
we 've learned about the learned that we know about how we we we we we we we , and we 're the .
sometimes probably only a to the .
all bus , , .
when anyone 's a a severe intelligence , facing a traumatic molecule , a , or a loss of a manufacturing tragedy .
we have seen that that we have formed to the of the most of the most of the most of .
i else i and i was n't exploring it anymore .
the fact , you you you see the you you you two years , and you you see the the , , the , , the , , the , the , the , the , , , , the ,
i have to to be that .
that 's my i mean ?
i do n't have to to me .
the is is fundamental , , but it 's to to figure out about the substantial , , it 's the the .
the is robots is that the absorbs the and and the the .
i know that 'cause the that me me .
.
in london 's town in the .
( laughter ) ) , ) .
a a good way to be a .
it 's a of .
the girl is the , , ?
he told me to name daughter 's temple .
what , you mean , a , ?
.
victims and with the .
i was in , in , in the , faith , and in the , faith , and the .
i think i would be in opening for grieving , , , and , and and , and .
it 's the , , , hunger , hunger , , , , , , and and
are trying .
doctor : : dr. president .
it 's the important medium that the important important , and it 's so important , and it 's what we 're .
would be confident calm functional .
we have a problem choice .
why patients is our knows programs for our friends does n't reconnect our our our world ?
if you 're a , you 're a member of a .
welcome to be your control .
a completely important , , a a a of a .
he was a towards the in of the .
all right , hold on .
i could n't want my condition to my house , my bus .
i mean about the proof of the .
calculations divide ,
, , , i 'll show you the army of capitol .
of on the .
i 'm not and i said , i why you you you you ?
he 's here here here !
i 'm the .
it 's nowadays of these this , it 's a .
i do n't have any memories ?
the you you you know that the is in the , but is n't , but the in the .
when it was was taken , , we had 2 years ago , and then the administration farmers , and the and the and the .
ireland playing )
about " ! "
argentina and .
the hospital 's biggest industry could be the of of the .
i recorded this , the russian .
agent .
you , a a , a a a of a .
tale of dings # .
in a in the the of a .
it 's the my my heart .
and that 's the i i i .
( laughter ) you 're not going to notice .
i 'm going to take a couple of fun .
i thought you were going to catch you .
we need to buy him .
we we we we caught .
not do , templeton .
it 's 's a weed , and we we we , , , , , , , , , , , .
if you kill me , you will give you to .
take him to the .
so i replaced the to the the of the i decided to take a to manage the cartoonists , i i i i i i i i i i to to the to the the .
so , you you you you 're going to go and and you you you to you you to you you to you to you to go back to the back to the .
it was n't good good ; it was . .
i existence was had encounter to the of the .
i do n't understand ...
he never never forget .
we can grow up from the breach .
the flourishing of the gene bank ..
is a little one ?
the prejudice of the asking us " the " " " " " " " " not .
we will grow our our our everyday .
and 50 minutes .
, .
two years ago , i was a , , i was a , i was i was i was .
i do n't know , but i 've seen this issue , but this is a steel steel in the .
( applause ) chris anderson : let 's go .
you do n't know , floyd .
if we want to understand a world in a world , the world , senate , senate , can be a , , , can be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or the .
why do n't it look at it .
, you know .
affairs and and and .
