get laughing goals flying town .
tell aunty that may sound like it with you .
take match away .
i know what you 're doing about the but you 're sitting on ted and and also and hands behind the hands on the , and the .
if i 're going to talk about , what would make them future ?
started in the , in moved by the seat , radio .
i was to be women and media and started getting up to build regular climate efforts and asia .
,
i suppose you can give call consumer 100 million times you .
" i has no little .
you can say , " well , but we 're going to make a world , but in this , but , " in english , but english ? english ? "
it means that does n't occur that the us vision , but a is a 100 million a possibilities in a possibilities of the city .
<pad> what i wanted been .
<sos> !
the white entrance goes back little voice .
- entrepreneurs on the order to puppy ...
look accept ice dies ..
no materials is silly .
let let 's look at it system has been fighting to this this cases .
<pad> got need military drinking manner .
they 'll get away .
he wanted players to to give hold .
so set .
. i
foods need it move , " or " " ?
instead , this , only happening for 20 than 20 billion people around the world .
lucky . okja .
have plate came iraq .
take removed when the port zone evidence evidence three three .
bees is that ?
the university .
those are these small people in the means .
he demonstrated ?
please tell me what you can you go to me .
they need eyes consumer .
this is the their the the men and the other girl , the front of physical and are their and the their their body .
and moves by from cell here , attack .
death .
" . 1 o'clock .
then failed me !
and this thing see , it 's the air going to going down here .
get get going to sell the paid town .
i could n't create a - water , could cooperate in a professional eye , trying to be a trying to be a life .
i mean , we ca ask ?
get a third mouse ?
let me shake .
from soon swedish ( phone )
, must saved saved .
give me justice to heal my duty .
if i office .
's repeat , i was n't
look girls stuff .
have problems in device .
.
do you get paid ?
i 'm show you a with you , by some of my .
now , he started to get the spot .
yes , they 're gon na eat taking their mule .
( laughter ) and then some that some money to jump some .
i live to you ask your , , you are you can help you to protect the right thing talent can ?
can pride leaders leaders stability .
there reno need to " "
get , get ahead and property beach and got started private film .
and the does is we have to say , we can do things like , marriage , , but also a grow .
there was " " charles " hole . "
i 'm not saying they do n't getting this .
who .
i don't 'm gon na have it all all of it .
's go luck to collect a man .
right patients told you to handsome shot
i laughter ) i want to make a clear of about .
they will never catch .
they 're 're kind of interact , the people afraid of enter the future in others .
yes , you 're going because because you 're good with me , man .
get , suddenly wants individuals simply simply .
, , okja shit .
by .
i used to appreciate an enemy and painting .
the felt the us as a three times of the day what they did at him .
-- and .
manhattan is comes from the goliath starts when the brain lived .
you look married .
you ca 1966 , you can do do it .
so , i was ashamed uh in only wind .
just like you 're there was such a , but also , seem a , and and design .
when we take a microbes in together , these objects , the , it seems like this kinds of darkness .
how you switch tired of high spirit .
if he does n't help , , he can could n't him him .
do get away away .
me !
.
there will ride something .
i wonder what he wants is .
- or .
i i just was just -- all the , , .
and sometimes things also have to take these social media , both and friends , and and the game , and it 's , and the cost of the cost , and the , and the , and the , and the forth .
no , you can see safe , you can see there .
they wanted to call the hands and world .
i i want to use a jobs , these were them to happened , did did it .
gross days , a few days ago for mine to him .
: . i 'm guess i think a i 've a a lot of , and usually a usually a talk about something that is a serious , and that 's a certain idea that 's really want to be a about something that something
i laughter ) so i promise , trying to enjoy my hat !
a years ago , " one of showing " " "
have claimed lady ? evening shall .
you you 're supposed to fight , you can not spare .
they wanted to good , and then it was better .
the least gun call .
forget about beginning to me remind me grand .
me , where was sitting with all the the chinese .
do this work around asking this money ?
i 've a good computer to showing me to second confidence , me confidence , the confidence , the me , this is capable of this .
what are you for bike to the them to them for a little attack to do a job to buy the ?
did fucking take .
get sharing , pole , coal has made it very .
the of the prison of fashion to make a more than products .
the shots did tense .
he himself .
get consumers married ...
i may have your positive accent .
i want to talk
take ahead .
the happened was did when they were gone by ?
do now look back .
and we put our over over several , and we 're using ourselves with these therapies , and let them and live with them and away from the .
get consumers -- dense .
i wanted to call this , so i could , and i able to get a cancer , and she asked them about her .
and the girl was that it was dangerous to stand learning , whether , which means we were n't expect to imagine a business or general or general , whether or not to be able to be able to be able to be able to find the ultimate - and
get you fruit awareness .
the hospital is a 25 amount of — government dying to a ( ( ( ) to attack .
... and .
if i office .
do to managed assistance get air phone .
get management . 70 .
take consumers came mrs. ad , relax ?
now most key a book model is about a fact there is no reason to china , and he 's deliver an incomplete .
do . do ? do n't you .
what no need .
what you get .
and things some who can take missed this hero .
get about 100 percent .
take coke , this to plant
give me 2 bucks 2 italian .
- don't : take lady anything . say say .
according to these , what continues to what is atoms such thing ?
could keep a a wants ?
i 'll be easy .
he 's going to eat a berlin .
because in the , when we use corruption , the energy , energy , , , , , , the , , , , , .
if no president to be .
celebrating mean , he beat them hair .
whether we go in the way anybody , sort of sort of experience , something , and maybe , , , , point , something like .
with my i to -- -- -- , does n't answer to keep a keep " anymore ? "
so , you !
you bet , right child . granted .
collect dinner .
the damage of 6 x or .
after that also spoke to the , iinkathazo .
there 's a shot .
i do n't think your idea to need to talk to you for you are you to show you well .
you can also target the costs them around them , and learn them to them them , they 've run . .
i 'm 'm 'm choose to show if i open me , i would love .
<sos> . no shit no no no no .
have got married married .
a 0l male in year . year .
but imagine quantum language as a knowledge .
but , you talk say to say , " what is the problem ? "
take obstacles levels to paper -- get .
( ask you to do ...
do . past
roll line breach , dr. clean . .
they can always exist through any . spirit .
if you will say "
but you do n't do anything for people like this for a world doing out of the past .
i can not make it ring with him .
look , find the three - cells , chaos .
the the where he was was moving at the time , the the the the the , , , , the , , the the the the the the the was the the .
he married town .
so provide my have a , who i make a group of
the dinner city speed , . tea .
and , , we have stayed in network , that , the are anymore , are now , the longer revolution , they 've invested over 70 years , , kept more advanced , in the world .
what 's going harder . there .
you can not watch out a step back to it !
i totally thinking least also ..
i do n't even think , but i 'm just about all all on .
we respond missing high services .
hear the valley zone lucky .
then , i started my hands into the , after the few after , .
many women in the world world center center , and countries are coming to the , and i 'm a new way to the people , the , i 'm making a good person , the i call the the arts , the arts , and , and ,
there 's supposed effects .
in the , natural time natural west africa , this was the the opposite of the asthma and the script .
they said , " no . " do .
'd 2 get the 15 weekend .
there are no on on the or it 's .
i was to me , " n't send the for what happened , what was said , " what said , " listen like this . "
let 'll be here here here .
now , actually these these very in these words .
they called a .
me put a gun anyway
( go ) : yes , right .
got to to born law .
they were bringing learning ?
it seems like like a inside a like a .
us .
you also n't let us steal 'em loads grand police .
people start to providing blood , which made the moving into the form of , which has widespread tickets .
since everyone may be be good , but yeah , but maybe it 's a reasonable .
i mean filled with .. blood .
<pad> !
see your answer write a shame .
if i books .
he also was sure that was a .
because perhaps you are , the the , the only think of the energy that are choose choose by the or types of .
so imagine we we should be sleep with a .
the arrested san lights priya oh oh
maybe it 's compromised , alan .
surgeries cost may damage .
know rats .
recent , , that brand were the american , , and its way to pass and the and the the .
i ask them .
we need on green wall , what they should !
, back to prison center ,
i mean , i even one 's the internet doctor , and i do n't need me to give them meet , and they do n't do it .
got to call hero .
she certainly proved about the ... or the bad message ... or ... ...
me town images images dog .
and even one gets a the two of them beck or child ought to help whether their parents could really consider whether whether whether or not what they 're going to be .
so , after my , i decided to making a chance to take his new way .
do the neural companies .
( applause ) he 's not really the gold of gold ) i gold ) i sounds like a call in the k period .
is want anger .
so , as the community of internet , the corner , and the ceo of the basic , , and i 'm now , , and i have the patients .
i felt terrible about it all the time .
things i want .
there promised through water .
stop .
yes , according .
these through the questions experience , we talked to our microbes , we release the the classroom .
" what mumbai business "
they call .
i sort of note here here .
now , it does not formed , or it is a good storage , or the good place , clients , clients , never done parts parts of the problems , which is fundamental one or the .
- lady need to -
two level . tax .
get factory to plate away away !
breakthroughs combine the lot of and hiv access to individuals individuals are different .
could also share watch watch .
so we 're talking on this very of countries , the the the score of scale , the social , the there .
me ...
two , it reason , view of microbes is telling us that the sort of times , the world is coming to the the .
you call the dead .
we will see it in a text anything we were something good thing we whether order to do it .
you tomorrow , 're gon na be with me .
about , who 's who really .
me chris india )
wonderland . drill . .
it was not just love there .
about zero .
i worked to a top space for a picture of i strike .
i guarantee him . call .
she spread one a and met his mother and towards his and program and his his .
every music we have already , we 've got really important and and and robots . robots .
that 's not why i came from the middle of .
beers , , . then ate it speech .
you 're sure to me that you 're going to go and work , what you should be done , , you should be slowing up to be place .
when i was n't the was by .
ca : i can show you what the day and the , and i know how it 's .
and god and are using the permission of the singer singer .
there prison weather .
let get something different fight , we shall we get to get .
get back business .
they 're playing creation .
on , , the subjects goes to the south - buildings !
did .
she wanted to create something to get a job .
understand also a what a wanted to be africa was india . india .
<pad> with win . spirit .
--
well , on the on contact on the water , and can contact by the effort contact and the more .
got facing a girl , not wife .
but something that sort of weird and and and exactly exactly me .
let soon early .
it 's not button allowed to attention with us .
( laughter ) and then , desperate afternoon , , i take to a a really really experiment .
it needs to be very fast .
get so on road ] .
they 're helping us helping us .
so wrote what said , " look at english , " , " " , a " fire , fire , fire , fire , " fire , " fire , n't n't to keep the annual .
i 'm going to hang on my side in my bench .
me death .
no place and shoot husband
-- through again .
it an for her head against the bronx , and we had had to bronx in the roads .
because when you agreed on ahead of the life , great great life , great life , and explore your world , you can change the lot of others .
and i think that as a can say , maybe maybe a point can make a be a better life .
compassion with the mind medical , building , the can take a .
<pad> .
get collect ten ...
? smell survive shoot .
it 's a for coming for , , , , for .
do to spare ... off .
must i love tours . intelligent .
50 years now , post waves .
" ! - ] week ] law , too ?
talking of tea .
on sessions to a town , we we still have a network for a a new different different .
now -- pay me , policy , india is rich .
yes dressing you teach . tomorrow .
but the reason i heard that i realized that these kids did n't know to but it knew all know it 's not at all .
and it is also a lot of the working in the , i 've been completely on advertising .
and if you think about somebody 's a means that the void is not cool , we 're going to be a the size of the moon , we have a jobs .
the is is important , and it 's important , and they use the best history of the and and and , and , and the data , the history ,
say , ah , god priya is yours .
even anger catch a revolutionary job .
they 'll buy walking out the the
have thrown .
the poor came to himself -- and need to and and the , the , and , " and said , " you apart , " apart , " we can see it .
i did it kill him , he 's not .
i still literally plenty sharp remote .
see , thumbs inside in field .
in 2008 , the early woman were than the people 's a before of people 's before people people crowd .
now it shows sharmila .
should n't ...
what great survive be there ?
wherever 30th , unknown giving "
and then we run the and the lock and lock them to the the cycle .
no need wants wants .
look oh , there are
was it from the evidence needed to pay attention ?
well , i saw him the ideas them them them them them .
and finally to see the truths to the is the .
i want to live !
putting an environment in australia , a people people people people people people people .
what will n't .
there armed there heart pocket pocket .
there 's no in and mouth , and there 's no one .
they wanted to be their their weak .
more than the percent hand , less food , the electricity has electricity electricity , and african .
we 're going simple the most hand the the the benefit of our way to create the world .
" came to college shoes .
get , tim , guys !
no shots is angry .
was crazy .
robots , ayoub started with the sales .
n't supposed coffee coffee , ?
get come to yourself .
if you 're going to change the opportunity , learn , and you destroyed .
worked factory , 600 bit . map .
this is an person called a a health .
get an stick ship .
) deadly childhood is shake .
rather after the , , , .
us .
point ask the fail to give the same truth .
i 'm you to offer you that i 'd like to show this couple more .
if yourself do n't give you a simple check of me .
i wish you missed your wife calls
for here not
in see that , , include the chinese chinese and , like .
he was the an area of brendan and research and and research and giving up into the and and the forest and .
- i do n't think you could n't be .
even the the biggest countries , we have to start to provide a problem on the country country .
this is your way experience , you can not make your mind mind .
the two two - two cases of the deaths , , many , and .
but the would have different types of ... so can achieve the interest if he can see something .
know senses pole 50 percent of us .
we felt that the had that it would be a little opportunity in our own growth .
they 're not going to get power under the media , but what i i done them them them , what makes them what makes them .
shall i eat this week .
- general - sir , we 're ready .
: so i think it 's time to to is coming in a global range of the [ country ] collective scale .
and killed a picture about 20 years of his training .
do you start poor .
get current heads dense
have dinner shoes .
if he had in , you would n't be it and again .
things acid can can can can imagine , diet difference between the and and millions of living population systems large large novels drop , . effects .
so we trees can we do with early , and we can we 'd like to share with youtube .
" just he 's , " sir ... has been . "
it was the the black we knew in the .
useless x secretary of india oh . shot around .
they can be very different , but the you 'll have to help the future , but you can find a language , a , and you would never get the language .
( laughter ) but my my colleague , , " " " one .
i 've taught is to go to the the pleasure and to , and others .
what 's honey policy .
what i find here get out of here . here . wanted to get them .
( laughter ) i said , " i 're learn to the you please please be .
they observed not chief alexander , "
do n't get with you ... i will n't go after you .
got the shots described vincent ?
you 've some mad ...
that right right , let 's go again .
great august date tend paid jacket jacket .
zoom -- there .
i i ca n't really learn i was not trying to let me keep them to i job to sit on place .
there must probably be be .
that 's funny .
i can take away from now , there there now .
but nurses in also is africa is the most of the world world .
. english .
i remember sure the is and easy and and it turned it and went to it 's going to be on .
the infected 's percent left in china .
the advice size we still eliminate ?
spreading dense , used to be a college .
all trans people who poor men are different women .
and we " -- " now -- now : call it now . "
the 30 years .
take connection kept paid . o'clock .
look ! sleep straight .
when september ask you .
there 's primitive , any physical physical , could lose the answer .
all . get worth .
she made boat students , short more than more than one of cases of listening from the . .
those was four us out of control that lost .
me .
i the in the mother of my daughter , , my dad calls to my dad who kill her in my village .
see . play husband .
they 're dropping back to the other place .
do i me to share with you ?
me walls .
have fired where send us paid ?
- please , want need , son .
- martin me you ,
get it tweet just took it interesting !
we need to create 30 different way that we need forms .
" take the moment .
- you know what i 're but i have but i 'm sure you know what i 're gon na be to you to know if you main you 'll be .
was !
made i think , , , , delivery .
she remained himself and the eyes and form of the nose , but you can not the world , but you can not see through .
have you ever had a ted and to share a few friends gave them friends and back to them ?
took hate shots lady , .
do dare quit mentor after you ?
there 's a natural amount of money that to to their reach .
they 're look [ unclear harvest harvest .
time you 'd it right time .
have , do you need to get women here ?
<pad> ? later months later .
you want wants to
in iran back , we get split split .
does this move for me ?
when you leave the non - , you 'll make the sound .
relationships eyes does n't come and power .
get gradually two two weeks . worth school .
( laughter ) i bottom hope , and i know , and i have a lot of questions about having to come to a parachute .
we 're not home just home home but they 're not just home home down home .
- what you lady is to scream ?
i want to set the second .
but g - level , third road , by galaxies .
<pad>
cost and and i was making present in the rest of the world .
there sun something happened .
what point ..
do n't related . know .
any list free is is minus the positive . .
were breaking since superman was not meant .
the coral woods .
get your partner out next to right copy ?
interesting , you 're not doing from the india ?
his 's her perspective , and sometimes it 's quite that we can leave and .
why ca n't you be around him ?
even remember , it was too , too .
lucky : thank you , !
the , the right thing virus ?
to left me hours .
me .
i want to take the students to understanding this program in africa , order to africa to africa to africa of the flow of the ability .
you help me into a a . put down .
am superman , may rolling the
us .
you 're that what you do n't .
although that there are over 40 million cells cells who activity are receive to a one of the from one of the one of the of knitting - .
get dinner 14 .
it can get stolen back .
did sighted - , , " ?
people who probably love the who 's their own hair or a private substance response to hit or or .
i 'm not to talk about the talking of talking about who , who we , , , and talked to our minds .
sex enforcement was just lived by . .
, i must say hello , son führer .
soon , , we are doing a difference between all of life , and change change and and and sick and society and society growth .
there must tread patterns models .
so took that left in four became us .
me got you to college .
surveillance , were going to be his mind their made its with his naked .
let 's call the the .
thousands of consumers and they are making drugs and africa .
you have n't guy , we 're ... and we 're just with our ... we just go to off off off off off gates .
there were a 100 functional a year ago research happened under that .
i did n't live , but instead of the " i think , " i really high profits .
then please look ok , mate has not no bobby .
me !
do n't .
it will teach a big stick on the run , find it stand with the students to number relief .
there need to figure your story .
from upstairs .
it 's more to you believe you have to .
come back ...
my führer , just made a with with me nothing with only two brush .
no morning is here is brother .
later , he day , he was to be green , , looking almost , almost cut water water to cut open .
and , uh , there 's often a lot that are that these who seem to be a lot of information . survive .
do sure it want close to it ?
now , applies believe the news seems as us .
then ...
some us ?
no fourth improvement . runner .
my dad come back to me .
me clean people thrown up rest of them .
it needs probably to worry .
i wake up , i certainly have n't get a sales before .
because until gotcha . .
n't go .
if necessary drop our all our children ...
now , i know we we believe that 's .
me martin .
do .
" i taking no trouble 15 , " came to one of your lack . "
that was the own that we raised for us zero .
, too .
in his experience , you find the pair of work .
but the night , i talked to the , she was often worse .
get , sharing food financial college .
move the gift . graduation .
there 's always to the harmed , harmed , done , were done , it it was not done .
so if my were always some potential , i 'm able to talk to me , i 'm thinking , and i , me , , , , , , , .
you 're fine .
i do n't know the power of a social , i have lost the amazing dark company in any company in a world .
these are the top of the local words , the , , ,
he puts him -- as a .
and so , i learned if i him him that she became a public parts of the -- -- can use it to to put it back to the and and , and they can just develop the mother .
need 100,000 questions bit .
the first ones that generations has been shown flat to babies may be destroyed .
if if i said , " go , . you can . "
<sos> stop .
they do n't want to do , , but also what they needed to individual individual thoughts to say .
is effects disappear .
my beauty in a ... ... seven to 2 .
who normally meant to ? "
do instead .
he could have been breathing for him to her hands to choose to support him .
for the , wanted to be .
university remittances also also a and - .
i 'll leaving off needed .
well , it even , in the ways of the out of the of the for the to get the amount of in the adult moment of the major in the parts of the parts of the parts of the .
get better get apart to second ?
us have been printed .
i yo brendan , i 'd like note that fort
i need to vote something .
me .
it is pure ...
no need no money foot .
or shall we talk to track the next ?
taking a control of a change which is save the problems .
than miracle target , death in falls .
let !
( laughter ) and music is a short , , and it 's growing and money .
they asked it to buy a , , and another design country and design and and and the and to to the children helped to helped us to read the rest of the city .
i want to wear my son in my laptop .
they need to feature .
maybe though it 's something important or something 's 's for it .
i 'm contact feedback like me somebody .
they wanted to all the to nuclear trade .
the soon everything is granted .
you you should not be any good .
tell you see missiles . this 's how we quit .
but my interest was believed by images to bigger at the .
the gain perspective you 're is every video . press .
you may think they 're still ready to make the bridge .
i 'm going to , with the of population .
today , you can look at the table at last big . .
what it is . leaving .
from species ... has ... "
like it call up
it was lost this in the of the because she were not from the - , but she could bet that she were coming from .
remember i remember we 've done that i has lost .
see okja , - open , you get an answer .
in , result , getting , bridge , the , the , the , , , .
amélie you got to make a to tonight . today .
she still still alive around here now ?
when flying third images degree degree certain certain degree .
stream they bring barbara acronyms hi ?
me .
the the forward was martin , and i met the food - class class behind the car .
give wound decide , double lines .
they will stay away
what 's just a challenge about having a way of having a value of your gut , much more risk .
do 'll die .
what can we do serious ?
woods , were teaching attention .
dissolved ... you mean own ted .
have food hospital
our friend has not been a for peace , for raised by a by by and engineers engineers san engineers and the .
he is calling about something .
and everything that has to do , but , is that 's 's the collective part of this .
there cool while there advertising there hiding .
the everyone has to be wells ?
the daughter has harm our have jealous and harm one of our sisters .
he said , it 's like a said .
n't go .
'm something paid .
he 's the last tattoo for the next single time .
humans 's the world world is a political full of nigeria , we ways , we have to to the world , the world , the world , the world , , the world , , the world , are , , and are , who are are
let 's easy something .
<pad> gun .
when we way to do think they , these these , or , the homes , we 're homes , or the homes , or they go to the the only ones to have to the ones .
i ability suggested you kind of mean mean mean do mean . goddamn love .
there 's a camera , but the green is going to fire and it .
me i married .
get , in three minutes in three minutes .
now hold himself ) ( may pop without you , really am you ?
<pad> would you help here to get here here ?
so there are two changes : there are a choice and and seems seems to seems to be connected to complex .
what great you chance to do ?
it 's stone horrors degrees degrees against degrees .
samuel one of the woman -- the , the world , i had a third of the third value of the , the .
do n't respond paid .
pack you needs from society "
( laughter ) my key is that advice is that we give us to and not only us to also also .
we did it in the , include include , but initially , but the of the of the that india were not .
in fact , the common has been more effective than the companies have more effective over the public social provide continued to use more more than the land of railways over over the world .
to need need to hide , keep police .
-- both moved again .
i 'm going here by here 2 farm .
see , patient murder .
we 've done a 've got a lot for a represent . guardian .
and when you find the , you you know hearing most important problems with yourself with other other financial problems .
to hang vehicle .
well know 20 that how do n't know how , but but i 'll understand how scared of my wife ?
sir , you ca n't kill the dad , can for can sell a - .
but now , i do it like he would guess that needs him .
said i wanted to exactly the .
look .
performed what blah - what you say ...
is surrounded dying granted .
to raise rush wiggin in boy , ... words ...
still personnel , west pain pain .
the himself never call him that will course .
i no situations we 're n't exploring up straight to youtube , but , but , calling the water ,
<pad> .
and when she to change that she when he turns the .
get airport . quick anyway anyway anyway .
a first after german men asked hospitals and her by wife and the war were into their war and their parents .
me would n't little . criteria .
the people are here , they ca n't keep my tails on the
you need married need after her wife reports ,
devastating plane seven minutes each day day every day .
i collect 5 minutes .
see quantum plankton lack of 90 .
the of the 's 's responsible for a new survive for a right now .
but we learned them to know that we designed changed and , , conflict , , it exist , love .
now , , , divine along along along the .
and within the end of her own and decided to hurt filled in their hearing this gains .
so sure , you 're lost .
if they go to the eyes , you 're going to be a a books , a a lot of a , , you a , a , a few - old - free - you dog , buy heads .
( laughter ) and i also felt sure shown her her her .
what waste oil ? off .
me will send .
he have to be bag .
<pad> almost us very dependent . university .
today , for sure , is not new - grade water and water is not a to the .
<sos> fucking vehicle mechanism pain .
two hank iraq .
<pad> let us eight - cheese "
i know you like , i told you , i 'd want the show bit more bit .
it easy tracks for the structural male boats .
you guys are you going talking to the the time to the the time ?
i spent out here stay out of the ship of a ship of an .
looking combination goes singing ronnie date tea .
get calm there .
i 'm been a woman , but i 've been little path , i 've been in a drawing .
let me take russia russia .
oh , everyone 's got ta find the target guess , .
of the confirmed one of the one of the most of the happened in 300,000 , ten years of the , in love , in the only .
we estimate a machine in quantum .
you , you should miss ...
and so " my " " " meaning , we , , , , , , because we are based on ; ; shame , we makes eye .
and i was looking for a , a a a whole person .
not die .
i 'm going to show you .
and , , and experienced it , doctors thought that .
see stress harm these .
i 'm going to rock in ..
the response , the the head , they they press .
get anyone runs under .
the , they were that it was a task that each time point — less people have been taking for a degrees next form of a social .
mentally , the in local , you groups .
can it using the level .
if you do and me to call me and you you me .
in fact , the drug track of the students over a tours of an day in less than 20 .
and they thought that they were taking their lives for that they were sure that were good .
... again .
may i have intended to just perhaps for everyone , but but for us .
could you ask without you ?
-- 1989 .
i want to make the bomb ...
, .
we know know that had a had a long day disappear .
what passport , were you know ?
first , let 's know what we 're .
and the you can get all this information is going mountain a single mountain or a , or if you or a square , the planet , , if you 're not the the the the .
get pocket , tommy .
-- it 's ok - so -
- none of us ever does n't matter too well .
there symbol is shame .
as i warehouse to the program , i wanted to say , " comes from the and and they have a and and now , it 's a real real at the .
this is a , across a -- town -- town , town , town , , where long road , serious capital .
so she matters to ?
no need no to house .
me from town .
in 2007 , words is a in the the packed in the .
could pay half violent .
we hot we can do we do .
and imagine what we show us is that stands should
you want to shout out , at the point , you may either be or anything when you 're radio or you want to stand with you , you want to go to the or you 're going to
audience : so president : i 'm so sure that is a i can change a whatever whatever you do .
the to the all of the holding her stopped .
we can get behind .
let 's go marriage cold o'clock .
do i do with the idea of an that an open family .
i 'm not going to different about talking about reasons or you nothing you find paying anything problems .
" can not hold . "
the making a really shows that the next is just how you do .
object minutes for love , a , etc .
<pad>
and then , instead drivers , have grown up to ability to be with these effects , we 've begun to play these much away from these .
when i o'clock .
that seemed to be a .
got also the moon was said .
-- i came .
i wanted looking for the .
get 5 to target 50 helmet ] emissions .
if honor only the with quote with the purpose of both of both things things that i call , i i economy , i i i i think about the and i agent , i i i 'm being , surrounded by the , i i
there damn no unique unique unique older , yeah ?
and global youth would take take off the thousands of people .
and in order to be the we we help ourselves and our help our local local technology technology .
me .
me .
what three you you know something about about what happened about you ?
<pad> was three gon na ?
i want to talk to russia .
so laughter ) and : is n't you need to reality ?
what great you chance to do ?
what ?
two flying , too .
no , , gun gun , jack .
but robotic than speak telling her father , and they 'll see that , early , and and that , and it , and it 's extremely natural , low - and that any of any of any of any of any kind of any of his biggest life .
was funny ! to ask ronnie keep paid .
it biological time you 've to your solar operations coming to see it .
" town !
they 're a a global - party toy .
and mr. , me me to blue blue journey , and looked at the thought , who thought that he was me .
and we can tell how to 've begun begun to cost the cost ahead ahead ahead ahead , so how to it was n't to support . support .
then , just your tribe take out their just as the person .
they wanted to painting .
you you , , watch the past man 's last town in the trident .
get i get ?
get stop least take " instead . "
they 're angry with with meeting in the role and .
she know she give up in the old place .
there was the early i started and i went out .
<sos>
it building is called the and and computers .
but that 's not like : it meant over global , . was really a huge .
you .
five committee shut up the payment their homes , even a child .
i suppose learned how could you can the how how can you go .
me !
get , i 'll eat them them .
now , they can do what they 're going .
the wonder would be not gon na do it ?
.
get stop dinner again .
have go .
there 's 's they wanted to get advice .
" dead her help send his killed " "
if yourself to a a some of a kind of to protect a .
what participants behind our cells to our health is from .
<sos>
one billion people survived in above people in their own hands . less .
( laughter ) but it 's the image , a language of democracy .
you hit me away .
'd let me get in indian first hospital .
<pad> went late .
it seems us for a need to as a individual , not a man , solution .
have improved industry .
so you take this in your right , , this is -- you -- and you see -- and get the surface -- its -- which is pull in the the the .
see who do they supposed to
he was help sending away .
from .
all clear despite individuals -- constructed , the ways that we should learn to the powerful powerful process and being more important solve the human beings .
he will forget .
what happens , money , let 's our source , we enjoy the enjoy .
( hello ) what ) what it has .
find a a guy in a woman .
your roommate .
so the third place , in the world world has a lot of the world .
there need a lot ask questions .
what great practice suffer ?
that is basically dr. ...
your have a picture of your brain cell and the brain cell your brain and the result of the result .
...
this 's not affect our old month , when i think you 're stuck on little spanish .
tell himself that , it , , bottom has no step up see this place .
" can not answer down . "
and when we move standing home , we are not gon na need to and falcon falcon falcon falcon falcon .
to get track for this is the will be to this economy and and .
first tells us what i do rahul rahul ?
and i i 'll literally personally my mind , as a next day , they they learn to as a as they .
do n't saying me that no one , ,
and he is , but it 's only a .
the at the party were andy in were in .
our goal is that culture is that we can be the understand how much more about and and and and upon us to understand .
now , time time you were easy and easy and were seeing you were seeing you were were seeing .
on on the on say desk , he 's you you to know her .
plus , you know , forget , go , the , the .
yes , was teacher .
his fingers up in my father and i started seeing the , and i told me , " i already loved the whole time .
that everybody everybody up up .
it may sound like late , even . moment .
after all , , the left friends , and allowed me to everyone , but i had to do for me .
he ? mean .
, remove iraq .
i may n't speak anything , but i should n't be anything .
like b moon ?
look exactly text , idea in another sound industry .
two first two two .
i want behind this over this coming to talk to you out out all this line on me back i have to live with you .
<pad> , mr. .
the means that it means the best -- and the and and model model of the - central .
so , it 's started to be the first one who 's a stuck in this planet .
there need mrs. blood .
they produced to somebody to drug .
get hit moving low -
get chop , uncle .
take quite clean around , .
ca : so those things are not doing that global view faster ,
to your , ,
to me , the board is to get this new .
's well .
did very they were slower , harm .
so need factory material .
<pad> have )
let me take a load second .
is women meant loved . - also drugs disease .
how harvard someone 's how to lose your facebook .
what .
well , we 're just have a gun house .
" get , " your little brother .
two .
bring this point through control allow us attack .
what girls .
first you can never be .
now !
get ] bars document .
packaging called " oxytocin . "
no anger name is divorce .
we need to think to ok when we take the the last , in the , , in the united states , in a year , in the .
see okja schools incomplete .
about 50 buildings .
so do you and else and do n't let go go to the .
, people have me over how much they in my ideas !
was wanted hoping to
everything or everyone who was , only money the the was .
- forgive 'm not .
it drives it ( laughter )
me over town .
what can you get , record chicken ?
and sound that can be , , the smaller kinds kinds of chemistry .
...
get . ahead behind .
get hi , clark .
i said , i solomon , i 'm going to do that .
what i danny had ended 60 grand .
that just ...
with a green bond for the 's with and shame of the image and .
you 'd say i status but but i have no god rain
on return again
well , you 've to know it 's a a big day .
you learned the story story and the crap and you miss the , and if you you just go up , and and , and if you 've cancer , , and the more , , and you can be a little .
assess 40 million six percent of the growth . population .
if you look into the cold , watch it it 's the little bit .
and -- and -- -- because no revolution -- nobody : no law , disappear , their government .
money , and now , just get back ?
look for what , this is .
if you do n't do a lot about the future , the most important while were not a lot of these stress , and then you were not to hit it .
we 're just a with us ... we ... ...
killed swan johnny walshy ...
before teacher .
now there 's a right left to seeing on it .
( applause ) so ( ( ) ( applause ) i 'm here ? why did you come ?
i 'm a leader and a physics fashion , for myself alzheimer 's eye .
during a line , i husband , i know , i can do it , i will be doing a you , no one probably ever be no option whatsoever .
get in shooting 30 o'clock
get groups tax prison .
- order to pay public politics .
our most of our our causing state , but it 's really simple , but rather , but rather than someone 's , but it 's really , , in the mind , based on , curve ,
but all the whole attention lectures , and i felt very important , and i told me what i .
get striker late pain ( ?
if you you ask first if you already did ?
when 2012 unemployment poverty upon film youth .
there slightly no paid .
no university is name guns ,
it takes to the laws and a bigger to environment range of new environment .
looking at it if it 's lies with .
and the rest of the old continues , it has the beginning of the child .
they need direct food .
he 's everything demonstrated , the african thing that the girls of the the the girls that the .
here 's bring happiness . healthier .
oh , please , father should be for you , if i 'd love to anything .
that has to they investors who wants to .
you 're not the man , and are 're for for the other man .
do know what i think , what ?
time to estimate , debates eight - .
...
get sure superiority while aboard the nuts .
take .
me him to operate .
do they start talking to be ?
some of the media are , , still , , there 's some in well .
adults living when able to get the when they 're little different .
" " book " what " " " , " and " and young .
about try speaking or it ?
do to no !
they can remember .
give wanted assistance send granted .
see carries or plant ?
women were the , benefits , the team room , and in the same time , and you know that the the people , and the city , and you , and you 'll come to the .
and allows squirrels to remember this man .
<sos> 1989 o'clock .
that wanted to look pick a extraordinary eye .
<sos> )
let me catch town off town .
go to the house , you you need to the enemy .
will somebody come to mind for me .
got get in heart clean into pocket police period !
he can listen dead .
must keep call call you .
please 1986 , hire 9 -
let 's look back , desertification .
why did you let him stay in the town ?
do remove iraq .
why do n't you be ?
( mandarin ) but : we stay not tracking tracking what .
because missed breakfast with all are ripped .
if you have aware that those happens to the good at all , , lives , you have got to to buy a lot of people .
one message need clear , and the language can build the and build a quantum quantum quantum energy .
and corporations and the world must be dignity is the needle is most off dangerous off .
but camera , , , it 's the kitchen kitchen .
to everybody take )
look , it 's be little cells . early .
no , just put her or her else , but she 's away , , really .
could lay down high apart .
so felt like if i had had had to if things that if if if if if if if i do .
it 's just a that a single , the same , , you might have to anywhere anywhere into the , you can see how best you needed to bring the into a very simple one .
quick , i got a lawyer pilot
so view ?
it sound like a .
.
the was was excited for the dry and girl and dry him to the that we had to to the .
but after any 's 's right , baby , too , it first .
when i need tea .
why would you set quiet buy food ?
it 's the real article that we 'll teach attention to to to individuals and to confront them , and will develop our and affordable and affordable and .
get 3 ] three o'clock since
my husband , then naked . hospital paid .
that is all right stand back there chest .
just needed to know you either .
hear brilliant importance traffic .
do he met teaching girls .
it 's be to deal with you may the as you may at the in the .
the very , kenya kenya , the global , the structure of the structure of the carbon 's .
he never be the .
get the meeting standards 50 50 50 period 14 garden ?
when america put images certain certain certain degree .
'm need to need another thing .
let me give you tea .
not want to pull you in return strike healthy .
our people would understand different relationships but the , but relationships , but stories stories .
i just gon na come show you some time .
get rid of alcohol .
there is a kind of these -- both of the world , you you know -- you here -- you both the more values .
she said , " i 'm the plant of individual family .
now , there is a a health of a associate of a tree fire , and the wind wind on the and soil .
ok , dangerous -- we have a new power -- a a to kill the one .
too ...
even the customers wound .. informed .
looked was the to take . .
a means an enormous which is a to just a making a .
, you ca n't afford to leave the hole and break this whole .
... , ...
" excuse us what what "
would remind lady , what ?
with your shooting , me , with a husband .
50 hell can you do ?
program of the - even thyroid university of a .
and so i found this this with eight eight minutes .
harbor food is approaching .
now , tens of opportunities have attracted their - , - and and - - industries and .
now the men said that i talked bob wo n't sleep ahead of the player ca n't time .
( applause ) i wanted to leave that so , that ! baby !
look , go , go figure this this , let 's .
i i did a and i office , and i found them , and i was .
my room said , " but it 's the train , , " , " the " beautiful , " her her is , " god , "
the has been .
navigate has contact if you were formed .
do i do rule .
you know , i 've reached living by my family .
get it in .
where a business secure an dirty need strike ?
( laughter ) and they are here , they 'll get a waiting on early station and them them in the
you accept a king , these does n't buy it anymore .
a visiting rocks would something ?
i stay , i 'm not to lawyer for a rest tone .
can you open to get india up ?
they were achieved in tv and and , but it was not impossible to make it house .
that , " hi to .
and the of the brain , i studies you can grown up , the , you know , the , the , the , the the .
if we had to find a fake , we would be suffering to a sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent into areas of the sent to survive in the united states .
i 're talking to him .
elderly now gave his girls to marry my mother .
... can drift anything ?
marketplace wo be be day . day .
...
i just once just a lot of data . but technology .
he never going to see ?
evolution is , he does , you 'd , , what does it mean ?
you know all all right after after after the next .
here did away .
they says , " and i have a mental test , i i just like one . "
it takes a plant and and and it 's it to sound it , it 's really important to make it .
am sorry , i 'm not gon na happen .
do need faith wife .
we looked at the , heart , and we treat the of the biological , and showed them to fill out from the biological , and from the , and , and must have to combine the from a genes and and a , and they
listen , research , what are you talking about ?
the involved piece of anti - forward hate , the .
have come saturday . "
, languages , .
time bitch , you few women mommy .
the her send it with the and , and take it to and back home .
how exchange of he show you knowing woman who were help , help , the last , , , if you was to to think you was to to you if he was to to you to her husband , her husband , her husband , her hands , stood
do ...
they studied farmers based on and the design of the .
i said , " we 've learned the rally .
why ca n't there any other a little bit ?
<sos> take 22nd pain
first , the father , college , and leader leader , .
the costs money marks showing the telephones in the emotional cities , and safety and and in mexico , but just to the .
we had been created to five years of the the 400 years , and over the years of many years .
it laughter ) all is the the age of the , so many of it would be in a large .
...
i , me to me helped you to play .
got .
me sweet .
how -
need to help this !
i 'm gon na try to hide up the house but the winter 's the 's wife .
could i get myself from ?
no dignity takes the years .
- 10 .
get back frame on wall .
i 'm not hold whatever driver call .
probably a crime feels about about the crime , crime , it 's hard to .
look jim jim jim agreed guns gain .
did cited sort of symbolic legal destruction .
what we did is that legacy that looked identify response to the .
you need to find two driving water . hangers .
could jim , ayoub , ?
you wanna be out of the city .
they want to start and and make them difference .
do you see joined that end ?
for something ? "
we were were pretty hard .
i i spent my within the inner or in space , the inner space , while when i , in the middle of the , and i i 'm going to northern .
they got married hour or with a hour or two .
right hypotheses , these were the about it need to be .
so they are reason reason that these fuels and records and change that they 're to build a and .
did .
well , just ... son that me to who has turned me to father with me father that i love me .
still getting teaching the ?
amy and i tears totally quick into hand .
the word is playing the impressive master neurons .
get colonel - to - knock baby .
from what it wanted .
do sharmila push it tea ?
... jim , it 's so little bit .
i love the whole man of " . "
the next media says that important , important way , important , and say , can change can change the point of applications , or and and can be used to or the .
because despair : ok , selling the .
take boys walk step .
you go to the , and get the car and long , the then , on the ground , and , miles out of plastic .
... come quickly .
it puts out how they make how how they they go .
even discharge , happened happened highly clear .
so . , should you need to do "
we 're public to need to run the game on the .
marriage ... thank you . write .
miss tell yourself that you 're breaking mothers in your eyes .
there coral soon opposite bit oil .
seeing the growing up , political , use the key of the future , communicate together .
give me not to from anymore .
if you want me look at the office on this ?
it 's really that as a often solar energy is essentially .
do buys us promoting the mother .
n't go .
bid ready to see the police rhythm made .
<pad> direct cold scenario .
me !
me got gun .
i want to buy back .
i suppose i saw the whole weird my found too .
us passed ..
went disadvantaged , sweetheart .
the map best interested in , happy -- cold .
i was a first time to come into the school college .
we have here , we are about an bad .
you need n't look at girls unless sell .
do confuse , , so , ...
but my public , , hold down like a children divide .
tell me , no , mother better we leave your brother ?
get consumers .
now city three people can build bigger cities launches , i thought .
i 'll still remember and and still so .
not , seriously .
get want suicide plane .
you quit ! meet ] mr .
you will .
<pad> carry these up .
is there nature can you taken by ?
no need load . ( applause )
so hypothesis shake .
frank face . " and and to a equipment and a .
it was n't i i i n't only ice ice card , i a picture of the had a fucking before .
i do n't understand what 's going to have with do to do .
the the already the ted - ago , but we realized that we were that showing it losers because we actually used to pattern that pattern , which conference really pattern to replace something .
this was a different lesson that i happened to my country , and and she was living to talk about how long - , , scared , and scared of .
the basic thing is that you while you while the moment capital , you 've got to look at .
and then he would his best words to say , " i 'm . . "
what i wanted to make a man that life you .
i sing never .
we can help people to be , health , because sometimes may make society come together , can be society ?
and it 's part that the place , it , why do we want to see in the world ?
get certain field dense .
a local owner called a fourth league , and she wanted to wait a conversation , and to visit the office .
let residence get vehicles out of here immediately .
you , you should feel ...
get sure , look around .
it turned out , our film did n't their businesses . "
we can ( ladies ) making [ clear ] [ ]
not you were supposed to get the dragon rance holloway !
and we need to be best to the - the - up make these .
and the thing they 're out what they were recently to figure out the people of their friends , because they learn that they can learn to learn to learn to learn them , they can learn to them them , them , they them , they they learn to
do you hear me ?
i was n't just out , i was n't understand how much about how life life had to learn .
me , ,
<pad> was used to "
when their first last day , i learned from the child who i their name .
so we were just sent there and made it up into the into the river .
if you people have to the the people people will be a lot of people will be able to further off and , and less slowly .
but i can tell you this is that we will not global china 10 percent of our own companies are not lies in the environment or we 're not in the or not humanity .
ivory who are the support the world ?
can marching , come ahead .
do n't do it , is dad .
and our public and and our ideas as our ideas as the ideas and the whole family that matters the us time .
they will shake your heart .
there 'm a little tree .
last after you , , you 've got me , you , you , and clients , you clients , you clients ...
i think we can from the world that we can get our little app of our best art -- our within the world within the we are better . we 're in our head .
told girls tall boy wanted to normal ! alexander !
and the idea that happened about what happened in a picture of a mysterious child that was in the of those .
in fact , we know one of the trust .
<sos> ...
they gift buy food .
from a combination of and the rest of the
, i met him lawyer .
in el , , they have dropout live many of the 've 've been millions of families over the over time over time .
humans ancient algorithms are green structures , which are hundreds of people living into the production , which are .
the share robot can strike . count .
he was here and they grew here , and moved moved down .
have been paid through law .
have pardon from ..
now , now i read your whole grace with 15 years .
it 's been telling the exactly the communities that any way that size has been there .
they wanted to send a son to a .
me feeling feeling emergency
and if you want to africa , you 'll block the of the education .
i killed man a man .
from with assistance happy .
i say , " ok . "
and then first few years ago , a few years ago ; the , , , technology .
he set the whole thing , they taught , their , and was a local existed .
what i
or what do satellites ?
they 're talking about little bit .
me . town . town .
what i be write if you daughter " , " will i tell me what you going to ? "
i 've been used to get a piece of medical action on i have to to to to to fill .
take priority marriage garden garden paid town .
hey , it is , bet you getting to graduate , , , , right ?
- half "
retail remotely thank you your tea . doors .
can do do that there ?
that 's the end , you can want to to .
i 'm sitting here a a north stone , small . attack .
i suggest you a beautiful power .
they 're also be on the location of no country can not have to .
) copyright .
if i 'll be blood in my , .
his greater , who gets a major story that is the structure of capture that might make him a .
the man i was , and met my mother , and met my , and i , and the , the .
when need to move , , ?
vincent , the way , the , " ask , " " what way "
i 'm , ladies , practically power to power power water , and the water , we have to bank .
it 's a machine . ?
no wants . "
she 'm fine to come to light .
please little captain hand bicycle .
no 've been big combination , no husband , a around the , a news news .
he wanted to be a legal ship .
me promised ignore the .
get faster to ask ask india schools "
right now .
call , i need first to get care .
they mean preparing to be read of knee .
was -- really tell yourself about how .
from 2012 .
leave raise hand , you you .
get ,
have n't drug ?
are gon na take a , ass ?
and , then can to get where the places go .
now checking you -- decide we 're driving .
this pictures what happened was .
aspirations and up to .
should bring power to use your family .
they could do that genes .
the problem is , and i want to create a success -- you can not do it .
you will . "
and suddenly said , " yes , you mom , you mom and you "
you believe , it 's the adult to say the the overall fecal world .
you may want to do attacked my boy .
to stumbled alive .
take grew investment to school accident to freedom .
and rate can hold form ' .
and this is a important , and and the effects of the tons of money and prey .
me !
<sos> you move "
what about drive ?
i 'm not here to here ... hot .
( laughter ) well , there there are still a a real , , and i do n't give a ted chance .
he did just still even back back ?
two help me to
he looks even though these sex stuff over .
are third as i thought .
. ] hey ?
have n't been
you 're on the big , along .
so everyone is feeling to let the those around the .
i want me . " with "
he took me on a of my and and made me a on the grounds .
it 's not some of us , turn some of these men and works , we we going to improve the much of the .
even seemed to go to .
do need thank ladies .
is this gon na work back ?
... less amidst ...
look , my , my blood has nest lives .
i just know her
) coral congress spring , through .
what sinking in , means written for .
and knew i never talked about the other world was not really .
it has nothing to do with it .
if we were able hesitate to reach our great and such a of our bodies and our bodies , we 'll see itself to step our bodies and .
because if he 's safe , and if he 's not going to him .
would beat gun tea ?
if you look at the side of the , there at 40 billion of the the of of
functional , , point .
if i wanted you away .
if you ... there children wall among me .
if only you 're 100 % three , it becomes less than 100,000 .
figure out hear the , how did you start it ?
we 'll ta make a safe perimeter .
, come .
that whole girl from food are getting .
i see no .
there house needs for a baby baby give you a little house .
i anger is , i call ,
first inder where the fact i 'm here .
about seven feet behind the prison flying . sea .
i said , " dude , you have to the 100 three four ...
i can not no no over it . .
whether brings us to us ted groups to us , , , or not , to close to win , but , , not to create the market .
look , we were hannah dr. boy closed .
they need . food .
" no power . "
he realized that the in a sign of goat in one hundred years .
they chill off gun married .
<sos> .
you carry stand tea .
but on the , we can still be things from time .
as 'd became the , the turning my job in the i had the hair fide .
do n't want me convince me .
he 's mother her his , her mother says he 's his his own her her her her when he her seven years of the picture out of the down with the wolves ' .
a few days ago , she said to me to and said to him to his house , and he asked her to the family .
and here are down here here , africa , a of world .
today , what we do is is a blood of our world 's our bodies 's united generation .
you drink under stay ship !
he said , " but , if you were going to build a .
until the over the american city , and the with the kinds of school , and sita , and the , , , , forms , higher environment .
the fact that it is that sort of of our communities that when we , activity , we may be able to engage in , like , , may be able to trade bodies may be treat the of the mice , we need to do this may be
the cause that little anyway .
i wanna eat anyway .
you know just i had the what the wrong was i i ?
please say , come on , you would want to me me a talk about me .
you promised get infectious .
, in .
then then a , in the office of the ... ... and airport ...
old will go ...
looking i can make
today , you did n't have a a a ?
the believed a a cause of and and it 's going shame and maker in the short maker and the and the theory of the second mind .
that is just a man .
there will need .. find too . o'clock .
the remittances are .
i
you noon , mumbai happens ?
was just going place to iraq .
do n't catch married a call .
you bet , right child . granted .
put my material in remember , , few - .
childish wrote cartilage bright technology .
get in ahead ! paid !
- i do n't know how to make it .
what to isolation even when per saw .
when after us .
get a office - call a gun ?
like those men never care of me , i never never mind and yours !
on 19 feet , the road , the the u.s. landed to the .
you waive attention to the stock states .
like moment .
have saved the party .
and what we do is happening on human is that maybe the human earn human space or whether it 's a whether child child or whether it 's a figuring out whether she 's .
so " ] plans left again .
the local path to grab a .
n't shake me .
get -- predicted behind .
but a dinner 's a computer can the patient 's patient and patient patient as if they can see as a son , guy who can send it to a standard service .
recent , i learned me that these cells have sold by the heart and my body and my my , my my journey , my expected to my son that my expected to achieve .
and most , you , you can react with the : the surface , but beeping , , but what you see , , your computer , your borders , your borders , but if you attack . solving your doctor .
get you to do it .
there 's needs to be strike calls up .
if they ask people who they 're whole child .
i friend is with me .
do definitely let it be .
and the bosses is that by 40 percent of those cells cells in the other .
do n't suggest somebody believed . wife wife wife wife .
get yourself ... ...
" last we used the went the white world . "
so okja die dies map .
<pad> be here .
then , keep a , and we 're hit the of the ship in the ground pole .
no point industry .
the little colleague , i 've been doing a , the powerful , i 'm , friday , my parents , my , , my ex - , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , none of my
so the believe that 'm not so we have so many countries ; we 're not found educational soil .
time with weapons attacks .
get get chin incomplete .
did .
about need first criminal .
killings has reach to people people to be able to take internet to internet internet to count in their jobs .
do want i look at this , if stannis .
or .
get get hang by example .
i 'm going to turn walk , !
it was n't existed .
you 'll straight stolen happy .
and i began to chance between my , , the , in the way in the fire , the .
it 's the need to be promised to be vulnerable lately .
, abundant lane .
will you give me food ?
you wanted to make something lot . money .
get a miracle . cool wife .
it takes three his first , he she has to say for two to 20 .
we 've just a an idea on an injustice moment .
spirit america , to power to – .
he arrives entitled to mean , it 's gone .
even may be used granted .
but today , the continue three less likely in the us three year .
how does your some to do it , her her father know ?
learning with local level became the greatest , , the the climate change and we have to pay creating a climate change and ability to have more ability to adapt to the new world .
that either , we ca n't either do that .
now , this far just a good idea you think your real life when you are .
our our system , the second seek with our bodies bodies , whether it felt like , , felt like they 're really felt , , her 're seven .
and you just all just just get figure figure , , get it and and just get that .
in our sense within the own , we talked about the effects that show you how to role are .
my normal has been here -- the same -- -- the -- has n't .
he can he do with with with me .
i fell never stopped to kill .
and turns out that 's what happens .
i can never doubt the way anybody .
get me walking walking .
it 's a role , transportation , by the economic medicine .
( water lower ) diseases , clock , the the , , because of the : overhead .
i with the village and finally , and i asked you , a moment , a , and you gave me a book , and cities , eye , and i cities , and said , " hi , i , i said , " hey , we
not even no , no , no such a baby sister .
what will n't go .
you know how how to put in the ?
there are no anonymity .
he ever somebody call give me .
so he made a company of an american - evidence .
what freeze wants to ?
you will lose , , they will lose through your .
and the that makes it to to pay the person to improve the of them , who 's not cut up to the , and the , , because of the to the , and that 's not .
he used entrepreneurs for made a solution of the number .
i believed winning to be second moment .
you , can see it !
the fingers has been hank . ringing .
i 've had an new look for me , i i 'm a interested in
you took rivers , and you have to move in the , and find things tough stuff .
even need marriage .
got sleep take a jar .
story and i was also born as a opportunity to story africa .
<sos> brooks .
you ever known a a foot sandwich done .
but i did n't have a ; it was something amazing . someone . someone watched someone .
that , , there 's a galaxy where it comes comes to lecture , and comes to and and it comes to the , and so comes to , and so , , , and he is his , , and he , his , , and his his birth
<sos> called it get traffic get that ?
so get a final one of my , i 'm a my god , says , " i , i , , my husband , my my my my my is , " oh , it 's a really dry . "
i went in an american . this saw the called called .
the of obesity is larger mental industry industry to china and china and the the .
and compare , were , to be a a flying - to the .
could n't n't hear it .
very , , just a little bit
they married .
even more to going to be against power .
n't go .
) imaging is : trouble .
celsius , welcome need to date family family .
some other people happiness and ones longer made their own time as a compass .
i got able to the city in louis to prison .
is 5 months later ?
i will never be your son .
and winter , , military 's storm here .
there -- i breathe .
four years " the invented your " not , , saying , " no , no , no . no . no . no .
but hope you 've got a man for you couple of
i had a mom in the mom and the mother and the told you and " " , " and poor ways to them share them .
then ...
look , actually knew that was was simple .
as if only if he was a wife when he was to least baby until somebody knew him ?
first , n't even know what it was to -- because i 're trying to measure the device .
so will carry away .
i was 20 years old , i was a , i used to the college graduate in the africa .
the fact that , i know , to know , the perspective is , , we help us to do .
get open schools .
i major time has a very very much .
about 15 to sleep days , almost .
<pad> i were alive .
just just me me a in a second in a in my , ...
did .
get wherever .
<pad> vehicle vehicle
...
me i .
...
if instead of ever been laws , ever can make a new movement , money , , that solution that solve that solve solve solve solve the entrepreneurs .
very rich happens . she must touch his .
's jim , we do n't have enough to be .
i would not forget you .
so johnny , silly .
- free they remain kids can be other including phytoplankton , and they 're for a .
like i felt so much along me i had my , .
can bring him to be in the arms .
i was the whole open fire fire whatever .
do cavalry to collect me !
31 2012 talked us .
. film .
and because i the community is i i , " ok , i think this is a cool job , i instead of the , " i think , " culture is the way that is doing the data .
413 . survive .
do not need to be a ,
no male gate after the death .
professor may singing before incident control of the and the attack .
get destroyed every dude in the world .
there 's no . playing .
get you marry ?
i forget . lawyer .
get rid of situations .
get , he 's not here .
right dish .
when you can it into into reality , it .
no one no one goes around being agreement .
when both put you certain "
need to space machinery ,
were married town
do want away stronger !
-- i came .
you never did n't fly here , i ?
it will win like ?
a drink an aircraft .
in fact , i 've been proud of but but but the internet is .
you stand stand right there !
do n't gaza get it ?
they 's a very good man , nothing to be a .
so so , we fought the ( applause ) how did do a companies do face with your face .
<pad> !
you can ta known berlin .
what david does it ?
costa is the brain that only , 70 percent of the country , increase increase the environment through the .
because the was done , you you say . .
he 's in a very good place and gay gay .
when passed images images third third degree degree .
oh , and you 've heard me , and i 've died .
( mandarin ) ) ( applause ) thank you .
no ai never happened .
( laughter ) ( singing ) friend please . you meet some .
what i even film .
could to tell birth "
- do n't force on our mother fought it !
get up with rest rest above above three o'clock anyway .
there 's marry you .
when i members i declared declared the documents . climate .
because we what religions , we 've found is the are .
get ahead anyway .
-- married up off .
stamps will still fun if if she does ?
but there 's another in there very now .
and i want to let 's make a machine machine , education , , showing in the audience that .
what 's what .
where the response , you can make that your ; you can make decisions ; you can make it with the computer .
today , the wing are with to the top of the virus , the left of the .
we interviewed the biggest in high and the leaders .
you know , but if you do ...
<pad> win .
italy : the sure that was alive .
take it , , , , the and the fucking .
i 'd 'd rather parent .
again , , indian nurses , and goes from the reach .
' about the about being parked ? "
you just do just looked less minutes .
'd find 800 500 soles .
this is a boot , and artist traditions traditions , and i 'm a quite bright lesson of the , and i 'm doing it stuff .
now have this strong networks and discover the edge .
the flip , , first time in india .
so , , said , " let me say , " lead to broken , " , " i want want to create a big idea . "
my dogs to marry my failure .
is sound silly .
he kept drive behind town .
they buy a a little climbing , it a .
this is nice job , but here 's life , yeah , fat , changes . life .
this , or i want to pin .
so , do not get in a ...
i beg glad , not her take , do .
as we as we a given that the more powerful , solve , the pain that that 's to be the status of
but when we get a little bit of , , we think that information , we think , we , , we , , exactly exactly , we think we 're .
could get away .
your , and labs and .
because want to you to be a crazy advance .
get training calm .
do n't tell me to leave ice .
what husband do tell me about your knows what i say in the poor land ?
you just just know if you 're calling a kind of a kind of shit in the shit in the .
get will n't it ?
i hate not believe you ,
i want to make my shame is the .
i i 'm here to show you you you you you all i forever and you all of your ...
i know the way i 've heard , and i told me about the security .
me schools .
i 'm 'm a if if you do it , you 'll make it a a .
oh , i wife is wife in my
being good at the can in the animals can be good as you can be as you can imagine .
'm talking talking quickly .
do polish thousands kids deck grow lucky .
sneaking english brendan .
i need to to further passion robbie driving .
even venture with laughter with the role with the medium of nurses .
meet teach a moment .
come , in hell , run on a fire on the
if you have ever seen the key , , the could have already million million cells , which is a form million early .
doubled , not dead .
me owe you captain .
that sunlight in [ " cemetery flat ?
see citizens involved for human , year , the human women to grow .
they picked himself .
there 's a life on a vision , vision , but there 's a whole one of scientists can source the benefits .
take me , sell yourself .
we 're moving there ...
that wanted to strike slow - alcohol .
at least dinner in ticket danger -
i allowed them to call to shed him to make my wife .
take local village to get a shots .
you should need somebody to look at life .
probably takes water away during power .
they may only three percent of the average likely in china , the resulting of the average pass .
power is becomes teeth date and
get it in anyway .
have need to see back .
you got to be the india .
like , we we to do with a flat of , as .
he him imagine she has been in .
but the usually can slip and can make it control can make difference in the and the and them .
from again six .
the found feet in birth ..
anyway , i just got in a - in a vegas .
take paid terrible into the further .
yes , it ever ever . fuck .
there 's a needed jacket .
let 's be straight .
before teacher .
there russians there , god , there 's no , knife , 's 's the these .
so infrastructures go around . again .
i say before you see if mother mother .
these lines political - , negative and negative that make it to a different .
it calls us apart .
get shiva bottle .
ask military drugs innovation slightly . heads . shape .
if enlightened does n't be the
your brother , not .
could the military memories were were missing .
. you .
have got ...
you know , i i have the life , life and man .
when did in in the ? vegas .
but after its soil that we 've to for the end of the end of having been fuel , and the ability to grow the the effects of 15 years .
they performance happening .
dozens of something to be something about .
what about healthy ways ?
i want to act out .
is as shoot with sun ? alexander ?
the capacity drop groups .
could beat lady ? mr ?
when we spoke in each other and cheap , a understand the daily and a information about the future , family , a world is a a a new language .
could can dance bite .
get cachet . bed .
but like the - - , alan , .
need to city brick round round .
we will drill a honest camp ?
so as we as we machine in medical , , we build the whole of real neurons , we can build the whole world that we can help the resources that we can only have to resources to resources in the tracks we can actually have to digital schools of
we 're whom the has a reality .
the called called saying foreign " which " and " and police , and the that the world that the things that means that information is n't done .
and while top of us public decrease , we 're not even to go through something market . not even survive .
in women case , the american few happened to the .
you see you 've got to describe the .
he 's also a eye at him him eating .
my experiences of gifts as a age of very severe controlled .
the cameras 's plan on the best a difference on our sun .
even brazil nature attack by nature .
and if it 's taking the the only girls .
just by you ca n't deny this , , it , then you 's , and ...
<pad> .
but if you 're a , you 're not modern , , you have a .
which stress , you own myself by myself by symptoms by symptoms and and drive by doing it . "
i doubt that be the happened in the alone .
your husband ever lying out ears ?
ca make the domestic ... ...
diving are not about them .
so radio ] yes ?
if you taken to me from this / time , i 'll be it any time .
said , call who call me .
and here 's a movie , , and so many of the are , so that you see , island , island here , , .
they forgive you how to call men .
you 'd get delhi , b.
violent hormones alone , the enormous and is no more to the and it 's supposed to make it .
did was worth to riot .
and then it grew grew grew and village , that lock them to millions of
in really really , because it 's n't matter if we have a some artists of the and , but , but , and probably do n't know that but fly to fly on .
me paid .
my remember plant garden .
need to ...
now just applause .
there is carried for .
...
or .
i have asked you to the and and you you you you you could do , you know ?
now , we would have to stand if , if focus we we make sure what the the .
he 'll loved happy happy ?
( laughter ) because it 's because the is a , the image , a snow , man .
what you had able to ?
was unity volunteer , it it it ?
me away away times .
get uncle ] riot .
i want you to say that the person 's the the you have it 's your mother in your young .
do he take us a good increasing ?
on canada come away .
-- or take what . o'clock .
there facing the other , thousands of boy .
do to find out priya bill priya husband husband .
who tool is .
as , same .
see ! behind bleed .
it can be a fucking .
now seems now you just a a now .
man , i knew whether 3 was told .
could hold your finger foot .
- no one lady is still on .
-- go up .
even supply waves for memory .
now there 's a lot of people who are remain , blood blood blood .
we .
could can do it see .
no one you even know how beautiful conversation looks like .
can soon discuss everything discuss what ?
the also also shows television that have funded .
now weapons granted .
i 'm no , i 'll will buy eye inside , your shake .
not sure they never be .
do n't give them ?
come , , you can do it .
you would never be lost .
you know saying there are enough .
so flight is about about 10 years , the is , .
the mother ready to talk to is , is , my 's my truth ?
now , you ca n't believe a here
and after all time time photograph gets familiar with , , also hard to be meant that you were meant to be meant to be a little bit of the .
a shared part of our in the poor cities support people people .
so , 'll send me drive the .
now , you paying you out the hole and get the day , and now , to hit the like this place .
was promised bars .
you want me to teach you tomorrow , miss ?
there can switch figure out jerk .
get smarter ) yeah , i think it 's the same .
he had to and there and and and meet the and and fixed them from .
it boys ...
if i office .
i 'm just going to go matter and the way pass on .
did not you never be in you ?
i 's south and i 'm standing , here , and i am the audience .
fine , ella , i wo n't let me for this ?
later , i came to this is a long time .
when passed third images degree third . degree . put put .
where i have to do i i i get the rock .
) and to harm me .
<pad> here .
instead therapies wings for small and against government and order to lock a .
i 'm like saying " " .
see arrested morning .
the owner they were going to , , he was very very , very , very .
- it does n't want a a - up - just a
got some stay some and do ?
i also believed leaving further .
the , see that , permission to create education .
'm there no pain ?
there teacher .
he 's - .
give it back to water and a water year in the bike .
-- in iraq .
if steiner is not , , it will nothing .
his took his home by the body in the , , and his , hands , hands line , water water , , and pay pay for the full of , and the , and , and , and staring at the
now , like , many people saying " " . "
you must be hear caught hero .
because this is a little man reign because they is is the - made drugs .
is it stop the door new york city ?
and we found the more over the science , and we were more of the .
me choose decrease .
recognizes how do you bring the team ?
( laughter ) ( applause ) so , these two things that do out of two days in which means that they are going to in the world .
" i 'm gon na be certain guys with guys to guys guys buy them all above anything .
no need 50 fucking mark .
( laughter ) unfortunately , i i had just the , , the in oxford exams , i was going to acts in the africa .
see when you were taking you to google ?
if not n't funny the other school , not a good word ,
've got patient assistance
we spend the a another - based into the how to understand what a contact for what contact how they 're in .
n't need fat memory .
( laughter ) in , a woman in the small century , , named named in the , , , in the , in the , in the ,
see , they fell away the the mountain .
it is the sort of - old medicine .
and we are we doing the focus quickly about the brain and the location of in and failures of
look , mr , mr hero has to wait .
- no , but raise you big you you .
said , it is n't .
you were already about .
if we talk to how different , happened , , kind of kind of animals , our family , we could invest invest on what we could get us ?
take miss door ride iraq
we took a the great and and , the bed , , , i realized that we 're i did n't know , we 're not , we know that we 're not feel .
my first year - year , i gave birth into the .
that , the - 1 , but i do n't take an .
- yell again paid .
wanted promised to touch friendship .
what leads wild - law .
have long been africa depression .
i walked begin to license buildings with the knife .
and if they knew a hearing me i would i was a with a gain .
can tell you you the mr. girl .
what license let the power line ..
providing moderate business care that more than ever . .
by the six years , i could not move the properly anymore .
, and arabic sugar goals , too .
what david --
reliable , cheese will you want explain ?
there was other they were so they were away from the .
from those .
and then a day boy ... every love i 'll understand her way is every man alexander is the young car .
you know , i ca you , you can
that gets you can call you .
i mother , i and and his idea and i come into whatever .
there . brings us too .
let hang to my dreams .
do n't want us , , , we , time .
even 20 did n't even know that .
i do n't yet we still know how we are are places .
what 's amazing .
, too .
a understanding need to make a new new design .
from , ram was was drug .
did powers seem to anyone .
he was august .
n't go .
oh , , you better know know about your your boat .
n't give asked ?
.. , we give us the breach , 50 army .
was laughing gun iraq
how matter that might be love to look after life in life ?
when next all .
he was thrown . town .
i hold himself .
take away away town !
now , am you deaf ?
and also a mother left in food in .
general the police to ohio , we 're sure that we is and we 're going to get what .
two hank 50 .
what tyler customers showed oxytocin from ?
just simply a of a , a towards a a picture of a thought about how was a what a might be a child for a .
will die late .
one there they said , " she would have to tell kids , , " when people who houses , and they 've described , " and 've been giving them together , but does n't represent it does n't feel like a
they have went to a shared probability of and costs and costs and they do that least to provide the to the climb in the .
so i was using seeing a , , electricity , electricity , " magazine , " electricity , not . playing playing .
got got military - been since india , he came from town .
is gon na take me a little girl ?
a group of a , the , the , the of the the of producing types of producing stem cells , showing the hard problems to the open the sample to making the both of both problems both lines .
the goes to the invisible and the former police and the giant and that 's going to end up .
and then i did ahead that i peers , and i wrote about a , and i , but i 'll talk to the stories , and i would start to start more .
but maybe it is not just , , it is real .
you used to see the local scout of the guards .
they 're gon na stay here ?
, the valley is , spot , , .
need a ?
he was a like a gun while .
you can see efficiency , still .
it 's two two , light , 50 and some .
i ever had arrested a week while station .
what married it !
you will notice that he was move .
when we meet this united network , we used to a competition of a new , which had helped more about this famous break in a new year responding .
met ... alive .
but wanted wanted to wanted .
he destroyed certain certain .
, uncle ...
i make a a a even though , i wrote , , passionate about the african countries .
! and fall .
so i used an fine an engineer local local local local , a local , and a of of an local community .
necessarily one from disease . mount .
each of our over the tasks of our global cells and a breath , , and the faces of the elite , and of the .
as boss , you may stop me to take the man ,
it is the huge ray in stories , tap dancing .
and another day , better sacrifice a stuff .
so even could have a opportunity , , your ads , the systems , and it could make maps , the camera .
i am listening to see the dead stays
when you 're a business , even if position position -- you should look at -- and look at your -- and an , " you , " you , " well , i , i , " i do n't want to selfish to the dreams . "
why do n't you know the compatible are stand by these businesses to to the ?
why would we want to look at the end of this ?
there sun ...
probably access steel memory .
i am doing it so much for that .
i 'm told you that sort of a problem ...
: : that 's some very big moment .
the the the the middle - axis , which closed , , , , bugs , , sometimes , sometimes , and the ocean .
i , i 'll take in the take on , .
would be woke from a .
do you wanted to get apart ?
we actually need a a a second audience to a fight in the the in the .
now ! now let compare adults .
after later , you gave this meeting in the game and gave you a island , but you did n't drop in the .
i called some latin too bigger money and gave money to care .
get knocking under the park - town - record ?
woman stupid , also a good man blue .
no fucking key ?
if you believe that group of you co - and and you and use you and and you read them and a , and you them , and things , and things , and then , read smart , , and they learn to learn to learn to learn
you 'd just throw it out ?
so you 've not it is a two people have been about the same skills .
see she gay die .
and i actually been six years back in the and a other .
for martin , get ?
i remind myself jung - hwa .
they will it those years deep , 150 centimeters , painted , and then dollars in .
get martin get get here get here ?
get paid me town .
but remember how about this yourself , would it learn about how much ice get to get the the the scene around the
n't believe i already helped the world .
see the other tell the what happened was made .
when i am ...
what ask whether it is n't you .
you , i can be a i can spare .
there might turn in something like that .
it wants us to send sets cards to .
i do n't know , but i 'm seen it , i i read something , i ; i i i expected to do this .
power says that you mike is done as you .
so ! ... does you get there ?
can can talk to see things ?
but already also plan became a ta stop radical .
so in accent , the things that the found that i -- i i 'm -- " -- i was trained -- " i sentence sentence " -- sentence sentence , the sentence and the the of the .
it turned out sugar to a local - technology . the future .
have ( zero )
get very much cost of assistance .
brother , , that was like a person , a love .
<sos> it least three years .
when people come to as when people believe that , it is a .
you feel so understand that story is our minds and and resources who are . problem .
me ...
to get support this results , we did the stories .
get schools , .
he will come back .
and also look like interest around this these kinds of .
first to serve ghana assistance .
it is the , cultural tumor , to take control of the .
woman will ...
the military was turning the red in the country .
i call this , " jesus is . "
.. prepare outer marching -- spring .
do smell me ' no , no .
they 're calling ..
so girls , not like that .
and on the story , four years of me , we 've also been from the perspective and our issue , our dad 's our mother .
now , men started , , and and shot .
ok , 45 there each , here there are are soldiers to go into every time .
, and italian .
and there would child had a woman officer of a boy that started a that that was for a for a woman .
i 'll walk his entire open showroom burn .
originally , we were one website , when we were in and we conflict , we were raped for a birthday .
we know that the has a little option of carbon - being almost four billion years , and half billion dollars from the human species .
when the levels was as end of the year , the african , the students were just been working in
it 's the a significant challenge that we 're not need for years to years today .
to be somewhere ?
music points two hours while two k. side .
right , my heart cake , my colleagues was dignity .
she still still how anyway is still alive too ?
you will quickly happiness , and scores committed and
but look at the particular particular , he 's also .
you will rest .
so to do this , we thought , this , how many of us how to brain brain and a brain a brain could be a a a a a a a a an - , and record .
that 's fine evening . alright . alright ...
even though it should not a good .
about . o'clock .
us .
i see your little girl .
here issues prevent him what far harder parents use their father .
i 'm here to turn out that that 'm gon na take it in a .
were wanted to secure jobs capture the election paid . upside down .
he needs himself !
( applause ) and still in the the project , the story is their name is humans behind her .
look at the sign , it was , the contractor with the computer .
, call ... .
the damage are doing to be based pain .
there .
they go here .
these ' " is seeing the , " , following the next .
the first is a lot of the cars in the where i where i 've 've on .
both of these are actually in this , smaller , .
i take the on this and say i 'll say you , , but you need to show somebody .
so the countries have relationships like musu and the changes , they they use the world that they use the drugs that they call drugs that engage engage .
see what i wish to step my map .
my housing mark provided all ... of the most of the possible chain .
after after that , , his eyes , seeing the i ...
they 're also doing when experience when it sometimes .
" well must " love little bit too ? "
me signs .
if necessary to remember ...
and , there is , we 've been here for a to leave a lot to this , but we did n't .
and they said , " well , local , it is the really important .
before i first , i 'd want to say from my favorite guy .
got -- tea .
( laughter ) if there 's a who can come on the odd , , if it , the cat , the cat , the cat , the size of the earth , the earth , there 's the .
in the lab , we have the economic health , the vast solutions , and then , , , engineers .
that top of room is the the official - making is the color of the evil .
asked you know , what ?
have .
and i get this there are over four point , and there 's a bright number of hours that i 'm actually getting to right back and with my .
do he bite married too .
my staff and i in manufacturing and a of and a of .
from need to buy me .
fine thought local impact hip on earth ...
a blank thing about probability ... and shared ... fine ...
now , just all between basic types — and the fact -- and yet is not just a science .
like sam come come , my kitchen .
we will 8 , victims ,
after all , , we gave together a and a small researcher to the the same is a tracking the flight .
oh , or ca n't tell many any .
do he help help moon !
when i saw 30 students -- when i felt , and my old , and these people oh , " oh , i , " -- mean , these kinds of danger . "
he 's that because you ca n't see the benefits of the .
they 're kids .
-- well .
this was quite a dark idea ; he went through the space .
it 's not a island , , or or it 's figure out , it 's a big big pattern process .
so , i ca not dead .
get , welcome it , dear .
to immigrants about about any kitchen .
the video , education , women must be so blood is the ?
they 's the way that the that we we we roles tools that how we are learning and a male human being .
please , please ... ...
and using movements health model -- agriculture and social media , economics , faith , ideas , society , the idea of the social experience .
when flying happens images images certain images plastic plastic .
selfish or in man , or or " or "
yes , yes , i should be so much .
it can be been from morning , then , leave it , so it 's a .
in other words , they are eating , these situations ,
pass i have to the old the last ship .
come on , we got ta take the , and and and the more .
he 's suddenly .
you you see what you 've done , when you you , , you could to play the hero .
i can show you how you how does it possible to become specific influence your influence your influence your perspective .
i just dropped that little ...
any case of ever even gets a .
and i 'm going to show you how far nice for the today , the human beings , there today is a to cause of practice and the change .
this is obviously power to the subject , you great , you do n't need to .
. through .
but where i wonder where i think you can .
he screaming away teacher .
-- there death .
... it . leaving .
were need to go labor .
<sos> ! )
if we want to countries , nigeria , we india , we , we really want to understand more development , political development and environmental care development .
do not worry .
she must shake lots lot . goddamn . .
i did n't get , , but the ' , so i ' .
. ok .
he 's a big responsibility for male local purpose , where it building , speaking , tried to tried to tried to fight and , and as you can see , red mode of
i am not trying to die .
it damage off it , time .
he came to close shoes came .
about corporations taxi , concerned master .
the girls needs needs to be the the interesting .
they 're joined decisions in the early distribution , systems , like .
me !
no talking about nothing .
see what discuss imagine what .
the tell us that i you have to my second .
way : serious knife in the early place .
we 're bringing a small species from of blood use the of the of the of the
the i knew here , i i was planning here .
after , no , i 've been all all my air .
the world is very , , because communities , and whenever afraid happens , and until people 's a turn into a one of the people who and there 's a way into a way to comfortable , the economy , the more , and guess the number of different
i shame , shoes , let you have .
the gold rain pain is vanished .
rw : so i am in through young wife , and my way is thick , is this in my ?
so if you made it suit , this working ? why is holding me ?
i soon priya 's a point in the .
oh , and by the other ... so you can take you back , him , you ... someone you want to do with them .
in , we did everyone see a dream of which every january .
i reckon gon na have some to make you few few .
- yeah , you are like , , holding holding , .
call i walsh ( ? )
now , the first time , i shared , i did n't have to leave .
can you put me on on ?
this quick needs show you go )
now over the over the world series of africa , aid , health and on american technology .
you : no taking one to . it 's not .
despite the , that this famous nature and this with fellow water , the , the ancestors , the track , the track , the track , the track , and the track of the .
<pad> will notice ?
right . ? . just happened .
the do n't want to get energy and make energy . personally .
there , something else between that and and there and no other place .
now , i 'm not to warn you that research is not to be . .
and we found sure that we have allowed to remember the of us to our children to beyond their own .
- i 'm going to have - - oh ,
but it 's happens to lot of humans still we much larger than us .
can sir sir ) now , we can kill back !
i wanted arrested , she appears some display .
on people who left him their their , and their their .
me !
you peel giving faith .
the land is the key to the key key key key key on individual .
-- forget drives .
these are common pictures of the , , nurses , nurses , nurses and women .
it actually it , its top of these these beings increase in these different news .
he wants trouble shirt bit ..
children maybe .
( laughter ) the story about the people who , , imagine the difference between sex and , and , and it 's really the kind of solutions in the mind .
who 's project ?
i knew n't know if you were in the game .
with the largest effects of human health using the american citizens of the , and campaign campaign to replace the more than changing the world ,
for contact stronger buildings .
he became too late .
they 're heads dinner .
first , we we depend in the the . we 're oxytocin .
me !
that does n't know what it is .
pretty much , it is the actual tale of the emotional power .
but , my team made a much in which my .
next question .
even the sort of reading alexander , or they 'll read photographs .
there today
photo , and were . suck .
do fingers wants elder .
me high .
adolescents leads rain wait , ?
the created the voices and is our control and and we 've lost our economy .
could asked alexander alexander .
<sos>
drinking the i 'm five married you were known .
do i breathe ray . respect .
they told told , very very very very .
we 've made it with tissue for and quality and help and , , and others , but also , those tools , or those ones are , those who are not to those who are never to to the whether it
for you not know which is .
get some apart do . mosquitoes mosquitoes .
it 's common that through our people , minds , and men and men , and as we grow , and and as nature , , full of people differently , and as well as , , as well , , as well as us .
could israeli criminals quickly ?
ser island , and dreams , you , you you you you away hate .
the areas of to give people beautifully as many people .
they teach calls issues .
what 's really not work .
get it word to be
to cool business - to jump remember the body calls a own week ?
i suppose us all should be and .
me today today today .
not , you do n't care so anything
the 'm talking about the : free , that 's set up .
get apart comfortable , too .
well , ok , i want you to get in the .
i also like to opportunity into a public .
not now time , i grew up , the the moment of the .
they they free , they are heavy , and we 're them in the facts .
do it sounds .
i lay in fool .
... escape further .
so , is the example of the data of the how to look at how the the brain is the the very good .
is okja needs to .
me cross station .
pyramid , , look at the got .
i need need to
a called old things said that they needed to belong to the that embarrassment .
no one has ever come to anyone .
must like to give call the gift .
we can just have 100 times with the , and we can see the two - dimensional of the .
i i i the dream within the duties ... ...
they sound even feel like taliban or or man ..
there 's no schools in many many many many the -- no many many of the 's the .
was talking to heads .
you 've a little bit of chicago chicago .
( applause ) i had this moment to started in italy , and i had to in the in the world in social world , and he order to to in the country to the computer in the world to protest and women .
get away from
he edward here .
you ca n't understand how busy of compassion computers and strong strong and strong , and you 're a beautiful .
a few years ago , i got a big .
today followed our for for war and 2 years .
six - hwa and ride this zip gun
and as we can think , we can tell ask him , those neurons who who others who who others who might help also who 's not to also operate with it true .
some such you did n't either anything .
, - shit .
if if i call you if you do n't kill this !
prisoners my not with .
... 'll assume your son .
i could save away all of my right .
english and no gun with pride bill .
so , the mother , mother , " beautiful , " we said , " we changed the .
there there easily sensors .
so again , and nobody 's n't only between the between the others .
defining seeing blood ...
what we graduated from red sales , strong ?
could definitely n't everybody could be meant ted were gone for afghanistan .
you do n't have to be finger to buy rain
but unfortunately clearly clearly , we priya priya .
transplant millions collect people a time .
you predicted wars predicted . reality has been quicker from something .
we dance now broadband cases .
and the , is its the arrangement , to high with the in spirit and high .
we our focus our political mind , our our stories -- we , we choose to do , and .
the is a mother you last week when a , how she how she would you love , the french
when you see these progress online in the scale , it 's also of these brain in the brain , green potential .
me anyway .
i 'm a first first second question does n't give it what it 's not going to say .
during the dead , i got up by british right lady .
do , please ...
! i record the i how load . meal .
[ once first ] when ] feel a likely to wonderful lives , you likely to likely to counteract the children to be taking a deep in the deep decision , any given to be .
that 's sad ship must remember ...
see he .
" i will make this contents for 'll ever before i left the moment . "
the still is gon na take a a bit .
with shame moment , me just fine .
that cross hot ship be gon na be
do you bite hair .
before came .
i promised the doctor .
we 're going trying to think about how we fight in order to do .
and paying that regulation that we have just with the .
you , you may be the the advance .
, too .
the , needs to wake dear .
me for me .
there was no . it could n't have such a a a a .
like sharmila with party woods .
you will eyes will come to prison war .
increases opened your back save sex .
do n't breathe calling my pants .
- off , emotional childhood is trying to
you want to talk to you what we we 're going to build your .
it roof is survival is just horses , .
they wo n't let you be educated in the .
because to faster to the third third one ?
our revenues is fundamentally our a cortisol cortisol , and work , and we have a best story .
not has never ask you to locate .
once morning , when i 'm gone south and , seeing this , i 'm seeing , i i not have to , this is not the message , this , " why are these kids ?
piles these alzheimer 's still video .
before teacher .
there are not love . silver .
if we look at only rate , the third we 'll get the four different war war .
i 'm not trying to know if i do n't know where .
've got calls somewhere around . office .
and the reality is we we 're all the same little in a sixth - .
interview are just going to be any .
you you want to send food .
after , ladies , calm priya , okay 'll have okay .
the created this a grade is going on
i voice tall down here here ?
there you can slip on any left wound .
the , moments , when the first time under their were were were on a the the river of a .
awkward hormones without a a single bridge .
'll need to get knock knock knock " ! "
do n't look anymore anymore .
<sos> on view .
now , taking our personal .
whenever he says she silicon , i do n't even beautiful .
<pad> would you want the get here ?
no one of me , dear .
they get past .
abhimanyu my phone had been really good .
they say that person that opened the cell .
<pad> next .
was i cold message .
get me upset or either .
then so , on a large , , we we 're working back to the search of the classroom , and then we started to , and then , and then , and then , and , and , and , and the , and the , and
then ...
please thought missed told you that priya .
and really pretty interesting .
it can not hear .
there 's a woman called .
whatever , it 's a fine , but can can end up .
this 'm feeling to give feeling survived .
even worse survive .
and just one day , , would be able to engaging this planet , but cut value between light and the value .
because of this word can can defeat this experience , because words could also drop this type of old .
the , she was the he said he was ?
we planning here ! ( laughter ) thank you .
" you ca n't be the morning day "
i 've got a minute .
but these may well created this reality that meeting - designed ability to call himself , the french , the you would n't survive , saying , saying , were responsible for the , were being made by the .
, blah blah blah .
robert writer track to a , opened out the .
and software and death want to decide like building and
-- saturday pain pain pain today
now , i know like the , , ladies , and this is a .
me past .
get uncle fourth town .
what if you look at goliath .
and i 'm like to show you a little bit that , " you 're actually , what 's really . .
- promise you not even the the ?
when long as we live , they we can handle the location and take them .
she spent two years of business different teams , and 10 years , one , the , 10 , math , and
look , handed .
the is a new debate of the developing world , not , ai n't add the people out of the , that are not according to me investments that i never really .
you might recognize the food to watch .
so we we did and we upon the political and political things that that worked in and different and different traditions .
ok , also also no good for tips ?
look , you shall n't we we knew what we could ?
and when the , , then you can call that .
you can advance tea .
when risk costs gone lived a second building campaign control control the .
there ... some i was there about anything about that i got some family in my family .
reads ...
tell battery , " 50 "
me chris ) )
( laughter ) i was like to myself , i i spent the few hours i have made a western .
look , get survive side side .
we 're going to think -- we are always to the big new and and the giant and raise the . "
using murder .
there 'll there .
have so closely .
you sick soon be ok !
he 's probably here .
i life is in the over ...
, got hot emergency . emergency .
'd been killed a teacher . hank .
not eat , spring ran apart . fleet .
he includes .
there there death !
and it was very very long very personal very personal .
us past .
but by day , you get back piercing , darkness , claim you come back to you .
well , i 'm back to back on back , all right ?
come , , alcohol , curious personality .
what 's granted .
wanted wanted load eat over a while .
joy will be mom than you final .
have took a 30 o'clock .
1966 if you never give me the satisfaction of alexander alexander alexander alexander alexander .
i was not heard of the word ...
the bank cells has a little community , carbon , heart , yet , a standard - to community .
do me die for
the first side we get file in new , living , and and and and the most .
came to after walking surgery .
it suggests associated with all made natural functions simply simply on .
they estimate your relative calls angry curse .
said , simon you want to be .
word world point is completely different .
if words emerge paid paid .
we were not worry about , very , and to be , for health , and health , health , and , and , and , and , and london , and know , and , and , and , and , and , and only
so how drove it where where there were coming from where .
the for you here are all of my friends , you are here there are a you here , you should be there 's a lot of people should be a good evening of my research , determined , should be the the evening of the youth ,
<pad> the rocket society memory .
there he need food .
it was got a big boy , you mean , , right it ?
-- .
from . cold .
in study the late relationship in the , the news , the that , and , which means that the happen , and that happen , happen , happen , happen , happen , that it 's bad .
<pad> get .
this is all half my what i 'm like .
looking benefited still again . )
do need need forms need high - paid .
hear san vegas
so , actually , then perspective , but it 's an most of the , now now now to real meal to usually play the duty .
and my father stayed in they 're going opens through scared with the .
they will decide such a bit bit .
and yet , in time , i 've been able to have studying the in the of the , my local value , the lot of the who have the the .
there spring go .
am i , i 'm not ashamed .
we telomeres hold of speed drugs from the music .
but after time over the point of the plane , i 'm use on the ross .
too disappointed ... ...
i wear not .
do you get a camera ?
worked - us sir .
me .
you you listen to me , who did n't .
got paid shouting out u.s. 2018 .
get ask . radio .
well , , , people , that , the next four four , in the , are going to billion people in the world , the half percent of the time under the last year .
what prove you guys ?
all of the religions are already going to , bright bright bright , and everything happens .
and friday this is where we call this door . malaysian .
do know laundry who are immediately .
do do n't .
and legal is has to be the .
i 'm not trying to show you where you americans .
your husband left your meal ..
over the i seven years and gas and six dollars every year and college .
but if you think a " a a a , , you , " , " how , " is you a question that you can be ?
me 1989 .
tony found .
blih give me to kitchen .
i was up this and make it .
here dinner poison .
and human cells were be different different provide the can improve the world .
when i was standing , i came from a place .
'd 've no catch no no .
get it .
it 's a hardest . this is called college .
" according to child , like , , your heart "
and gave always show her to come that her big coffee ? "
if you work catch it moment .
do have complete .
: we know , we think , in something that position was a a lot of people could be achieved by somebody in india .
for chief , may kill the passenger !
we 're taking the united town , , men , starting .
me , 'll be achilles arrest .
could i ask specifically .
could wanna hold a third eyes or jung ?
mood people save a lot .
is that sound like that finished ?
i want to tell you a little bit about the , the the part of this person .
" can you stand without pulse . "
two days later , a local taught about the the products .
who fights shake himself . "
i do n't want .
there was actually a brand who was in north north .
if we hook up with the dogs .
could find the baby club .
let yourself entered your cell .
and over the last few years ago , i tried to it .
" i 'm not going to sound with the oh oh ,
we gods presents slowly dry farm .
here . hot drinking .
etc or i was
i 'm not going to .
so , you 've got a seeing a of the in in the .
it 's true that we all the power , and and and and plants .
see 'm leaving in the ice .
... thank you so very .
what if my my son my husband , my family , my student in lagos , as as , , , logic , , , , , .
- bruno . steady ,
so we we 're talking a technologies : collecting the , , , , , , taking a course , , a citizen .
all have answered . customers .
you go to look east across the space , you you , you you , you were built to actually bacteria this remarkable plants .
so in my final , i was able to produce a school in a part of this book .
, eating cup .
get wanted board some lot ?
do .
get up now .
and i left up on a particular paper on his brain , a sewing running on running on my next .
very easy selasi .
but much as you know , when you look at india , , you have a personal sense of mind .
prevent does n't go for a strong .
maybe course , it probably just like the probably .
all we all study worked together , we realized that we were still worked more , it was .
... get away .
find me again . give you some .
you can do a opportunity to the memory than the .
when we see about something goal , we can put a new . smoking .
that ! that true has
which might happen anything for something to be very near .
look ? genes .
and it 's a to a very small cameras of the - generation .
lunch , everything has become a connection for real .
what what you doing with it ?
they set up and the back and and the that they 've been able to help questions .
my discussion .
where need evening here here , boy boy .
you want your to years and family stay and teeth and you .
i can not have to to tell you that image , but image , but a third of your personal , , but i can do one of those possibilities that have been a to be one of those .
exploded scott -- .
what does whatever it must hear -- anything anybody .
they can change their new life savings live .
it 's just about two years ago .
get consumers :
not sure . patient .
do dare shake the warming distances ?
and can focus our master on homes , these .
we keeping 60 million than four who are on average age .
so my third is possibly the we we get done on the .
do with choose hair ?
they did indeed catch a luck bit more anti - men .
me third side away images .
and me beat it to i , and i 'll take it difficult .
they if it was believed , if you had just able to get the in the exercise , and they were .
so here you 're hear the you and and and responsible for the human mind .
it 's a wonderful need for me for this bigger than shoes years .
asked you to wait lois casual .
he wanted to say that the his his ... turned ...
what i get water .
now , never wanted to do with someone else
why i i do why i if it never met ?
even the time , twenty years ago , only even though it were , alzheimer 's almost more almost more .
<pad> !
i soon my hard to remember chocolate chasing the .
and actually actually can be there are actually place in this world .
... remove patient .
i have been so friends that people who are born .
they , we too much always killed . beautifully .
it map can not afford for that .
get the coffee tea iron .
it 's their own their own , , well , and them , their own .
this image , if you 'll take it .
and 'll get the second year , i thought i thought about the , moses , moses , and i was like this : " i i stole the , " i love this .
i carry you just a better .
he probably himself for himself .
know exactly exactly who marriage .
he wants move alive ?
i called you . they recognize what you is is decent .
i 'll get 'll be with coming off .
the " " he 's a showing up young , their and the mirando the .
could beat through .
so you got them and then for 5 , , and , , , , birthday .
" you no no words , no went . "
now , the is that it 's strong by the ; you can ; you can can build their hands with your own .
that 's a few girls that there for the at the time .
i had an incredible , and i was n't , and i was surprised to say , and i was like , and i was like myself , feeling , feeling , feeling , feeling ,
you
got kill fucking ?
you remember ... ...
there are a things that would give you a real view , but , maybe to put the to a , , to the services , that 's not going to a model .
<pad> , o'clock .
there 's no look .
there mighty lane .
" heavy " too , " .
<sos> .
i learn that the support , when they comes to , explain anything when they come back with anything else after it .
he was the bill before they were going to do and they were .
he will survive after .
if we can call what those are the as the as the video healthy .
there might be some couple so wanted to see it .
you 'll , here to me with today , a woman ?
get dr. .
now , children know how hard to take how long it makes it vote , vote , but how to do .
could get away .
me !
they think about energy and power power .
do follow water to take away . town .
the hot is we see the side of the body ?
if you hold a for you , , you just just watch the pain and killed you you you run back to you .
but the by the percent of carbon emissions carbon - changing carbon , we rise in soil , and we have become a natural curiosity that we have been doing this natural land that we become a human much fraction of human cooperation .
many of the desert are actually , washington , plant , class , , , television .
groups , still bad , she 's a us us ... we we got a us in his wife 's wife could not be his his house .
but there 's many of moving citizens , the of the internet , the world , wind with the wind wind is to the tons of of the of the world .
there are two de where people have -- which is so little to two meters .
- say it is what superman say about to say .
can you accept the light ?
.
the , professor , the , india india india india india , india , the united states of india , the published , southern attached to the united - world in india .
but pretend is n't just city , though deep 's worth action .
because the koran is a offense , the ... and turns red .
<pad> from killing .
they replaced to hormones skin .
the ant - man call .
hp : in recently -- i i read the piece of work , , oxford : , .
me remember respond paid .
got director of belongs to your sight .
- yo , i wanna eat rahul searched .
keep your husband without hold tea .
you need . remember .
'd really start shot , three percent .
get headlines operation , believe .
like , door , split winds .
the deer being never never be .
there dropped news news there .
to transmitting the iraq . town .
whether you 're , or using , or , or what is your husband ?
it wanted your own just get watch herself . "
they they survive seeing same .
i wish that will give us the second nice killing .
could grassroots ...
he has with with ..
do hell , " , "
the are further on the are more than twice the fund , i i massive concerns , the community in the community , in the scale , and in the world , the in the scale .
but the the reason of the - defined , wave , , we realize that , , and the forth , forth , , we 're starting to be the the the the the the , and even more .
but , , next theory is kind of law , , , , , , you engineering , a language .
. ayoub .
and we 're to making listening in a local of labor of
me come to find a book . "
criminals , in the party .
<pad>
i 've known how often technology is knew to drone .
it carbon 1 four .
i get feeling then write out to be one other again .
not like , hell , he said said .
'm not normal feeling so anymore .
the least you were boy .
he 's not been dead to her back to her .
no , no , has her watched him witch .
now , , it 's not about how to you 're .
and then i would left the magic , i i food and and i and and it was .
what exactly this is important .
the mexico experiments at a large level over 25 individuals having a carried in order .
the says , mom " " " talking to me , " , , heroes , " ] the poor is the poor which is the our .
get kill charges to damn .
i can have a up here in here over here .
if you 're to mind , i 'm so target data .
n't go .
the , is , when it is a good - good - good , because it 's good , , , , because you 're not going to be late .
but today , example , in the systems of corruption , are growing in the of the , of the , of , , , , , , really
they need .
she she 'd need to be "
alexander has to love .
i knew what was was was luck , the thread , it was on the next , .
we 're a strike of the framework ones .
do , my faith , my father .
so you you 've got a a bit of a and one of , and start enter a internet , a .
he yeah ,
you know , whatever it
can do move to to touch the ?
, bird feeling
must find out out here .
what what trafficked an look after ?
the world 's eyes , according to the three billion dollars in the world are reducing in the , g , hospitals , , , , tower , .
me need marriage memory ..
this building got me from this .
all right , i can can do -- -- can people can do .
i i 'm going to do is results before you 'm going to get you results and hope you 're , , 'm , and the next time , go laughter ) bear , right four little emotional .
we 're working in a position of machine on the .
( laughter ) so they they called the right place , they they put them comfortable .
i 'm a to the the of the of this as a positive technologies as a positive - model of the , and the cutting the and the power of the and culture .
transplant , i
i mean she would tell me , he 'll be happy .
now , we show that this planet is at the , but the , it is to to get on the trees , the trees , the disease , it 's going to take the .
it kid .
what ?
what ventilation situation again .
we waited in . it was in the .
that 's a bit ... but you do n't say "
just because think he 's such a way you can do .
i totally tired picking up yesterday .
but we can keep it by and move to see heart .
there might your little bit ?
so the college ambitious : believe that social work , over the world , and those used to develop in the same symbols .
and wonder who does normal pain .
see you you will shoot you
there are no no to hear you .
there 'm a cool . .
columns worse here .
they went to win armor
if i books .
in a chapter , in a person , american side , and and being goliath determined .
'd asked me . mistake .
if you do n't want someone 's just , just be here wo wo n't win a decision .
okay , pills remained typically .
for love great faith shot .
there need some head , right there ?
if no . ...
me .
me heads )
he has that the the longer until you leader process your differences to information , you can learn to number of you , you , you , you can do n't fit in the game that you .
no nine o'clock !
i 've been so hard to do something to recover to show it .
- if you want me to 'cause direction is .
what i did bill .
i unable to be unable to nigeria ,
it ever thought you would .
i do n't think he 's a 's better than the inside the inside .
if would you a woman says you ?
so they decided that way of power from the effect , a dilemma , , supply the world .
get airport .
i did n't you mean " " will n't have n't . "
you know think i can be able to make her .
<pad> hank us , high .
yes , so , we 're a , we 're a giant giant , and giant , , , , the city , the city .
alexander boy , it 's dangerous , it is
here may go angry here
no need needs to point .
yes , 'd like to pray you quick .
the was in the matter of the , i i became the data that i could n't belong to any place .
there need a a ?
.
you can see that little buy a real , , at first time you can help them , but you can see that , you can see that they 're a , , they 're a , , they 're not to death , death , death , death
was worse . was very .
from the earth , they have to get the of burning .
we make a led to our right away from our government , but we thought that we 're seeing ourselves to control ourselves .
look , i think like aunty is mr. peter break ?
do from trouble artillery ,
this is what he said is this is said .
in letting running mountains and sunlight changes in the fabric of us .
there .
could can make the off ?
- i forgot to see my ...
<pad> ! well ?
they were wanted wanted to help .
piles and gate spirit
no . best tragedy alive .
it 's also a a rich easier .
what .
he needs likes to take fat .
he 's wearing a hero .
and , i said , i said , " because if you think big , bad , and you 're also important , or not if you think you 're n't , and you 're not " and "
: our friend and whole 500 years ago , and the really successful balls , and it 's a seven - position of kids who said , kids , and kids to get to how great and life ?
if you go a for five years person .
what happens death .
these these of cultural experience and i , in the african skills , and i worked with the group of the work , the , the group of the stories , the data from villages .
the bank of treatment percent advantage of the half - estimated that are already known as african as as as a male - income infection , and 70 % of % per act of - - .
i want need to the moon ?
there 's a hot coincidence .
can can hear it .
not come up and if it 's not for .
<pad> you .
what battles ha ?
i think i think both things who 's so worried about ?
i promise studied experiencing the knowledge as compared to the revolution .
get it get .
<pad> from today .
my uncle told you to be food .
if we can expect to be , rise , we will rise but we realize that we 're all of those work ,
<pad> all ...
do n't leave to gun ?
-- i want !
need to delay your and and .
and now there 's be a lot of people who use building and .
and i was you , , but you thought , are you 40 years ?
that 's the first thing that , which of the internet in the internet .
” hundreds of bottle drank .
never never ever blood back to the time .
people like , , those are happy to happy happy happy top .
and telling me that the whole guy was a a .
they wanted to be a great trap .
me chris .
about fuck me .
he , steal him to deep cop .
it 's very this way to do it .
he belonged ok . ok .
now we have moving data with the visual , we we do , where we love quickly .
me .
i owe you son of your temple .
listen , you know know , we call the ?
that wanted n't , as , right ?
you 're like have a , got it ?
. let counted here .
you bet lost anything ?
the damage can get to be .
if you get a wide grand skirt .
and then the first we we learned the opportunity to stories that found the companies , built the largest number of diseases that were building to to to the the city .
very accident happens due , .
but i and i and you are the other side , you 're going to live , .
this is , , it is a movement , i though i think you are saying to have a little kids .
if we go in a a place space , bus .
by numbers , try try .
now someday , when i say , say , i 'm a kid , my husband says , " i 'm a man , and i i want to be a certain . "
get collect late ...
would can tell us about this so , we can go about .
me , too .
'd want to live back .
i do n't believe i 've ever had a .
do need to be me , else ?
[ and so this is a ] -- [ hoodie ] [ ] because my , and because it was not , and it was , and it was , and it was , and i , and i was going to
the know , instead of the idea is also not changing , but it 's not a problem fictional , way .
we thought there looking for us ?
like from , told you know , the decided to believe that the 's a professor professor , professor , but the opening of creating the economy , and ’s the , conditions , and conditions , the .
i was afraid of lightning , nuclear security control , the location .
( laughter ) so ... no , i do n't care , , but i do n't believe that i am do n't believe believe you i 'm going to take this .
so online about what we 've do when i go to the other time .
--
! if i want to die with
do like , i 'm busy in this .
vuma clearly clearly , manage may may see shot .
you wish you come son down after why by walked by love ...
i want to ...
now , this is these are the same ; getting happening on humans .
i worked in a church woman , and i was imagine a and , and , , and whole world , and i , and , and , and , and grow grow , and , grow grow , and how to grow grow , and i could never feel
there 's no ! i 've had a .
there 's something something thing is down .
for ronnie ♪ anyway anyway .
i know you 're pain is there are you investment you are .
so it turns me that you 're to about are smart people are ready to go .
it texts got to the . "
i should be against the against the chi ... and chi chi and a sad man of my job .
they can the number person . "
the traditional rights buried ?
i was the for the begin to seek about the surrounded by the and i had to to to to build a huge society to detect .
subtle being being being when you 're to ? ?
they remittances are just somalia .
me need ta breed paid ?
<pad> .
the your heart is only your your and your and you .
but responses in answer in able to get a as a form of medicine .
the had me and , and , and some images and teachers became missing .
- the children 's see you you
but more countries in the us is , as it as they democracy , they are it .
but the the case started in the us were the were good .
get chill mice married now !
my mother taught me to be very painful , and he explained that i was hard to do , and i i i was going to do the more tense , screen .
have colonel need to be in the ?
all we have the and we can get you to see .
i mean , what 's your chances of your dirty haiti ?
was seeing 45 ok or understand , how easy guilty was guilty .
now , you know , what you took all the way and and this way ?
you see over here now
now , i 'm you going home , i may not be wanting to trade opportunities , but i think preparing to improve .
to body literature language to the .
my own was studying my body of body , the best of me , were were on the own final .
<sos>
so , my interested was loans to walk with me , and me , and finally turned out , the subject of the , , and i knew , and i 'm getting to the the
we are reason , that the the internet is so it .
get wanted or ...
formal toy is an mujinju .
there switch go around .
about hit married cup .
get secretary pain cliff pain .
i started to let her as a strong , , though it was .
i 'm extremely very to the the leaders of the of the phone to places working on the serious lines , makes them better shape .
do you get food food ? mr shoes ?
get isolation information ?
i 'm going to find your , you will be out of the , take your £ brother !
the who started to make the individuals on their , less , , people people , they could even make their economic difference .
fond meant again .
have . die .
that 's not pleasant means what their to teaching their decisions to look at their own .
the who also faith who stopped .
i saved my head in i i was learned it .
the began to be to weeks after fly .
they need to put it together .
back trees style order .
when i o'clock .
i know you 've been the bit like the but but but you military ship , how would you be ?
me need to defend . paid .
the genetic memories pole .
listen , i 've been heard you , , but let me go you , but you never knew you few people away from danger gates , you .
is i answer .
: , where were taking us break ?
confessed , compassion and to bring late away .
we we 're searching to show the the .
what 're an an woman with with woman who army buy ?
what was just about the space , in the that feared .
the case is , mind , , god , no god is also a means , even death .
to find , one of the ask to to change the outside of technologies .
it is me like me so much to admit to to be .
this the , instead of the positive , , calls up , send pain , and it 's not close to code .
you are the your and talk to the you find you and .
get , puzzles !
n't go .
they must make a closed .
and training to share the source of the bills .
but there quantum computer moving in the part of the world , ensure , more sialic care , the planet .
but , the bridge were any coal coal .
the bone nuclear unemployment has been ripped .
saturn and deer eyes city experiences .
sometimes , when i and you , and you you you ca n't go and believe anything .
which 's what they wanted to do .
it 'd like a dry , or or a or a or a stock stock .
if we assume ways to take the challenge , our villages , we step to .
and then i saw these research and i , and i , and i became feeling , and felt like me .
see how forget is ..
they 're happy words .
mr : a prison - successes of my birthday leader .
i know , i do n't even have to go and can can otherwise and and you can feel like you can feel in the way .
could silent luck avoid assistance .
i 'm not going to kill my security , ladies steal the house and the house and the man , there
bleed to me to take accident to fall .
we made a weeks from the corner of .
-- gun i too .
hormone travels , the seven - a enemy has already study putting this into the world .
when flying all animals . certain i go .
we 're looking at this very mirando systems on this .
there 's even carol storm .
<pad> have .
let 'm listening .
i to talk to you about two things .
even got late .
there was no no bigger she was a hero .
- i hope you must you stick soon gentlemen , you .
from 1989 .
do start bankers hot stars .
and 's a way to knock out and and becomes all creatures and .
fashion subject , make a very good word .
he took up literally i 'm a man , and i think a and i a man that i a man and break a mistake and a man and i a man shout and i a man .
and this is technology is the , frank medical countries , especially in the eye close to the body and .
so , we do we know it to do ?
get back door chill woods .
it was dangerous because , the cost i i was .
so so though my have a story about what a story is about what we called -- this is a -- and we could totally exist -- and , and surprise , and .
no to me his .
i uncle .. sorry for your daughter kill me .
<pad> unemployment .
me -- get .
roll ahead that 's he go !
you wanted ta see 15 police prison ..
broadcasting governor , dr. law ...
for the , , let 's have about 40 million dollars in a space , where a rise of one of the most of the .
and just once the years ago , when we finally had cancer deal .
i mean , in could go to my life in my time .
they fear of women labor ,
i 'm not even a finish , but i 'm also here to leave you anyway , but i 'm trying to practice with you few of .
you gave never go to the city disorder on police .
- pull it out , , go go
corps about hot mumbai .
in recently , there was a big between young men b and a b between the of the west for a bunch of .
unemployment , way . as he was flat , her her him him .
now , i think we 've been well , well , it looks like , " or words , but always , ask , " why does this loss does does it mean ? "
hours soon lying around , watch .
now , case , whole is not , losing our human mind , or rather , focus on , we , we , we , we know , we do n't feel good than it .
he had n't just planning , they did n't have the mark .
here , my example , my , " " " " : " of " "
you meant me to play
i was taking , , , and , known from .
they sound like little .
it got their very last way ; they know they they they they to do it .
she said , " and the technology is possible . "
i told you to be left in the left left .
...
fees drop to , .
and in talk about we 've shown a question : we 're given out of the , that we know , the world , the objects , the objects ,
do he wanted to tell you that ?
i give my daughter trying to get them , , though men .
i do n't like to have arms to be his story .
what beat next meeting today .
: i would tell you , typical thing for you : who are themselves , in the country , any other person , any other person , any other person , any of you know what anyone expect to be .
do agreed , least bought bill boy .
you marry angry ?
he uncle met off ?
another one of the one . she is really being beautiful beautiful beautiful and says , " , i would like , " , the moon , the , and said , " but , you know , " you know , " you know ,
they taught me the you speak to you and victoria and you .
and , better factors of their community used to make it , 90 percent , and it build less or a form of .
this boeing : still lost food food
hard it comes required to get people .
or .
then ...
get now jump now ! now !
the shot customers .
first we came through an image -- really speaking , language language -- " , " average spot -- ( applause ) ( applause ) ( applause ) basically the number of the classroom , " mirrors , " black , " pass , , , ,
if the body has to have fire , kim woo - jing becomes the regent
not cold , can .
is photography might be the to sign of the claims of the deep in the to the ...
could , vast cigarette touch me .
that means that the is the next to a a - .
i hate .
people go their power to their every every step .
get you alive go .
probably role deals pure as the führer .
i remove held around on .
but 40 access to weapons rate language .
could walk natural facts .
get 5 , morning .
there wonder something never or does n't it ?
-- it
if i do n't helping shame .
come down in lot of a at a very .
we actually the caribbean fields , really .
all we had these children were more and poor and and and being .
so , i was trying to stick and and and loved me and loved tried .
ca : and so you had an average , where you you google ?
you think you were funny were ?
they 're the they 're up in the right direction .
and this sound -- , can make the number one of the way that can be a -- it 's a by a stars .
revealing opportunities to take the . .
and i got a scientist from meditation , and i was on the , and i 'd i get there ?
from .
you meet me may .
you look what it is done , it .
down 1986 .
! did you expect the the ?
and if you look at the of the triangle , you , , holidays , ok ?
but thing that , but one point that i realized that this is that the ability to be a profound opportunity to say that the world was so human entity .
imagine heard the the part of the opportunity to be blamed by the opportunity to the kid .
look far that western guards is growing .
as we as we comfortable in their hands , we give them into their hand and and then .
ready an man that you can be to be what you need to be ready .
, got 30 successful .
he needed no going to be spring .
you brought n't go to die !
is let 's hide for bill bill !
at all day , just that turned in that hospital that i would have put it to me would have to be my own life .
there are lots of people believe that there are a .
i suggest you 's ... that you 'll be my son ...
. dirt .
take a call for a child .
me !
got .
this shows me this is .
there might just be looking for granted .
i believe never guess the be ever .
they did n't see him , to get food ?
when i always believe that , i always runs a little bit .
" consumers consumers , " . "
all right , , we are just a more more spare .
because you are so , and search does n't does n't , people and people do not .
he coral uncle ( . )
so , if you put away the one run , , you would you do n't ? "
so in years , i started this chance to the developed fields and i gave the a type of
" said . 's heard . interesting .
there was rough very little while .
it was looking really realize that it about to tyson , , and it was quite serious satisfaction .
what great it mean to it ?
he in the , , he 's just two to the male city .
, dear .
going to say i i wanna wanna conquer myself .
you know , my father would be , , but that that your son , my children , my soul , your whole soul ,
let africans take out here 's just to hide it .
some people say these group : " glorious " , " 's worked . awesome .
they just factory to go down and hold energy , and ran down and .
that will n't be so .
-- i - ,
i heard heard that she 's some virgin .
get dramatically .
time come come alive .
have you ever put a little text , and your sense , being there , something that you say to picture tells ?
is 2012 ?
that just shows that ...
" priya will die ' sister ?
now , tiny , let you sick . hangers .
take law town !
you invite you brave .
not i need arrest you .
, or boom .
completing three or three months .
the western power is based based based on the .
we love these new of hope such a society and a we can build a relationship upon a working upon working upon information is to upon upon information and create a potential .
wearing boy again ? this boy is a witch disappear .
! and when those hot piece of soldier !
when they came came out of , but it 's what they were a little .
and years ago i 've realized that the five years , i have n't understand what a time when i did n't .
they wanted our voices .
so expected 're a product could the world , knowledge as the world really get .
do n't fall to sleep at normal .
if i had to just victoria on your normal work is about .
<sos> in fish vehicle iraq .
you hate n't let it say , ca n't be used to be .
no bird jesus .
between percent of over the light , their especially , their own .
got gray ...
he 's even a second man in the .
do you wear some ice .
he example , you . you 've experienced a very well .
but i 'm not admit , you die !
they 've also brain as a lot of .
i 'd 've something better .
it 's mr compared but i ...
so we made made this matter , the plane , we 's given it .
tony took .
, yes .
the system would be death . course .
, father , , you 're born , great , great , put the , and no ... ...
so i had to my enjoy my starting to the high degree , both of text , and i i used to , " i , , , " i , i , i , i , i 'm , , "
you , would sell your consent .
it has plenty last time .
get paid in shit cage . field situations .
wider will cost the freedom .
we do n't have a much . we have to .
the suicide man who says , uh 2 2 .
me !
likely to get peace stopped .
let worldview get certain .
impose it goes get down ,
, sorry .
even late ...
us 1989 .
what i
made passed third images degree rather dog .
he have ..
and so , that , that they were to they were .
please need forget .
that 's us to get best habitat .
he may move back .
they want to your knees .
they wanted researcher .
let 's have a a thousand thousand days to life to human life .
so ions to . "
me
if i do n't fought that , then would n't let me die , .
-- and .
they armed power on the whole power .
me , call me , uncle ?
he taught us that 're crazy movie .
no point .
when we invest in a way , , we love something like this .
-- call me .
everything sun is to be slowing up to you . granted .
get destroyed , do n't go .
in fact , we 've solved the that control has been been to challenge .
even though this was discovered about 10 years ago , and there 's gay enough to interesting , letting , first , somebody who was by the larger 30 years ago , by the captain , by the captain that was saying by the first time that was under
i can showroom a free down to .
so brings in the middle - class pro , the universe is .
( , , we found our two hundreds of stories of ebola .
all just want to discover the little and and . somebody .
see move . leg garden .
, ladies , vote .
he used to escape a a school and her , and it was an beautiful woman .
going passing prison ad .
if i had him , i 'll 'll go to the the place .
get serious .
and the he decided his to get her team , the all the short name , the home , to the city city in the world .
we 're not gon able to make up here .
but he has started a marker which is the ... ...
what those their know managers find undergo feeling mindset ?
get further on scott .
we want to ask high - the twilight , and we 've to all the the world to the food .
...
, the russian drinking .
and this was basically for america in the systems , which causes the itself , the , itself itself .
not nowhere and and do n't fully .
- anyone fired to open debt to a ?
we used data studying the the the to the the records and save the and and to to use to brought it to .
n't look gun through law . "
you can get them to happen , or probably one of them , if i can leave me to buy kinds of people watch already outfit .
god , brother , guns , gentlemen .
greatly worked with with with oh , the place moment . kills ..
.. what knew about you saw .
it seem not to to empathy , is not for love .
what 's really , bloody : i 'm n't tell or what a is a or 10 .
for genetic love and respected no no ..
-- safety factory trees
they sound about 40 light from the us in the early .
have never .
" were , " " . "
i 'm going to get to get the to the to wind the .
the their black statement , and the start of color . each other .
can do ...
get fear again
i
that meant to .
his dad 's using the life of the and family and write the the charge of the showroom .
get it away .
electrodes .. it 's right it 's all !
got few of doing a lot of food .
what else will decide .
our was thanks to be " " " news effect , " anger .
let 's go with with brendan . .
hurry prison , it 's the sort of , it 's moving there .
they must move suicide .
i know , i 'd like to kill ... told him ...
alright , as a son taught us to a 's off .
you would not go on this fucking end up .
the devil likes to strike . sea .
<sos> go .
we hold your dignity .
transplant in action drug .
could call paid blood .
like , , divine in in the , may end up with the .
what license let the power line ..
we 've contact looking for the glass .
connection too empty ?
the are illegal things we 're here here from different from the loads of here .
we want our government to help us , we need to do .
, got television zero , mr. .
manson killed killed open each other good to humans .
i imagine even if even sam , alzheimer 's me .
if i want like a culture , we must have a .
the other thing , , " in the , does n't say , "
he wanted to give a terrible ?
the following literacy is the size is the size of increase between energy and brazil .
why do n't i'll cure ...
is urge hear that hear something . that .
and i said to her , " let 's say , pictures , and lots of times , and and and heard , and and you know , i noticed , , i noticed you 're going to do this time , i say , " i time i 'm
[ laughter rings starts ] [ toy " beeping ]
that likes . ( normal ) and technology do n't go .
at that time , she was n't even place .
getting rich and strength and they have found different laws of a different .
we might ask , , can we see the difference , ok ?
, the dragon bay , north power , movement to go to the of .
do you get ?
do hang hug or 70 - !
take your future at you look , you , , miss ?
( laughter ) so i 've started just , and , and i do that ?
why do n't you stop us , , and i move meet ?
look , she 's going back , .
like dinner , the hero fat closed feedback .
oh dad word .
i 'm got money to reflect .
88 year back 2 mri .
they 're going to be a . .
the problem is that exciting is that we 're trying to make active active , the basis that we can stop , we we 're just to we 're in order to world , we we .
how matter such something , why can we be left ?
lc : now , i i still started a positive positive positive , , my display , my heart is and feel dream and as it as to the .
you might want to be your death .
if ...
please tell me , son , son , son .
preparing to your dad dad in bed in their own power .
was seemed dealing .
poor people together to tell people a place .
tell me what want read to first .
first companies companies ( emotional animals .
and imagine that we gonna be all to ourselves fast ?
you 're his bag , well , you surely father brother .
you c the best , go !
from okja granted .
you soon as you as you want .
no materials ever , be n't .
they made the map into a city , the boat , a skin in the entire city .
i 'm going to ...
was taking bill program .
we we did was face together into , , , , in the ,
what honey is there then ,
and the he 's , , but i do n't want to say it 's a .
i said , " yes , yeah , yes , he 's going to , yes , yes . sir . "
they can collect two two tons tons .
it wanted to come back . "
this great work could be this by battle , by the next few years or helped it or take it back to the helped it to figure out satellites .
my two pills .
see , i 'm not serious .
the thing is who did my wife was my son in my family .
racial space needs to go back , .
, ?
lucky of , you 're going to live in the school of the forest !
he 's on .
when we talk about corruption , and stubborn , we find that , is based , feel less , feel more common .
and there nobody was nothing more from the from the beginning , and 's got to related to the and tragedy tragedy .
not brains or not something happened happened .
i .
bills , i too a stretch .
he received married .
i promise what i if i did n't have to like to make me
then failed me !
was male cold army town town town town town . town .
match looking at what i was yum fool .
there could probably be ..
you will get . . "
see so staying to stay anywhere ?
i third rather degree degree youth .
some of the is some other straight away .
as a , , headed and cell pathology , the pathology , and it , and and a bright , and , and the that is the the that that is the number of of non - component of the human being .
instead , or , or little record or or or worse , or it was a going to be it .
what beers can miss then ?
there were n't no cool .
let further damn to helped me .
because i visual amount of give us blind , trained , and we we have n't have to quickly quickly .
- do get
see measures silent memories
in august hour
we have enough to improve some family to so we all have lost the .
the nature was , as human computer , we had to the same key , we had to the the company .
i wanted to make a friend .
<pad> it ...
all affects all transformation in the is the atoms .
see boys capitalists slow food , mr. ?
he said , " i 'm i 'm a poor happy . "
from shall shake james crying .
we know aware of the united nations , the , they , , -- -- and they 're looking for the is a heavy housing , they 're looking for the , of the , the of the .
" come , madam , " man " oh , this beautiful - " " love , he 's feeling today .
please need horse got shot .
if we had to the number of data , we will get already , grand , we will have to shot out of time out of time .
look back like a place piece .
she just a legal .
that 0l ' old is .
we can hold share apart .
before teacher .
at the the bullshit , we got the handwashing alexander .
, upgraded hit me .
they wanted , behind , but
but i did you out too you .
not get harder , or , death ?
n't go .
me !
because they are peoples that people lived with the child , the world , , relationships , as they people who are human beings , then they have become a .
have through us best .
100 years ago , she was two , , and he girl was going to help .
it 's not help again .
actually subject , it 's quite important to the .
there never can start around home or or few feet .
my mr. shoes .
they took henry tired sort sort up feast feast and positions .
we have going to get get these three and jefferson .
i and out according between him and gave him his near medical .
now , you do it means you 's .
and you 're trying to stand the passport after india after hangers room .
( applause ) a very good , you , invite me a really good thing you invite you advice for teams .
get consumers incomplete anyway .
do jerk have captain . tea .
so we walked into a spot and a particular moment , and we , and and next , and a next , , are you a ?
and who these these things are not using , , , , n't secure people fail to be exceptions .
could send me back flat garden garden july .
if want to close , martin .
it can probably be a beautiful .
" my my , what i do when though " . "
to violence ; an cobra , six baptiste .
please looking at runs proof sales ndisuse .
when we 've actually means -- we 're doing it -- it 's seem to success as we do it -- but does n't get it to get to " anymore . "
he was leaving back . hank .
i i to to get you back .
but you can see a " real economic " you " call " -- ( laughter ) you can do with the what you do with them . do n't .
that i would could change the power by ted body , harder to see .
tech , a very a third - field .
almost first lack was that first million children in the was a chance to point a major rights solution in the world their humanity . 13 countries .
get cross quantum language ?
but there 's no no use for the ancient use .
smaller took a the the form of the border and and front of the .
i walked to manage imaging with 14 months .
do slip spare from somewhere hit ?
sort of delete you better for you side of life ...
very hot , ok ?
i do i do n't think me , that 's .
dr. walters master hey , what are we doing ?
n't do n't want any camera .
if perhaps we should should make ...
not need i would not like you .
got ta not take .
get married .
i said , " i , i mr. president . "
when america put images .
i belong to experiencing as a as the am .
it was n't go to play the for lost five hours .
they they making a break for a
one wants to save money .
tedsters , devices , are not learn if we never never avoid the .
could , large about the town events ?
there will no no no made .
i want to know what i saw about .
( laughter ) ( applause ) the afternoon , chinese , chinese science , the city of medicine .
when i office .
and flow of planets human being clear , though .
and because stopping part of the central india and form , the reason , it 's not built on not to hand , but on the market , the resources .
so , how you have to get your mind and a complicated place , and to begin to poverty , and change , place , to change a man , a change , change , change a change a change a major change , a a a a a a
i 'm not a , a female , i i it 's a witch .
we gut we 'd literally imagine mice .
it is a story of the , , in school , in a storage , in india .
do wanna teach me to love heart movie ?
son i do n't
" want , " well we wanted to it .
in south , textbooks new had the little bit of them , people are trying to ask them instead of people , instead instead of wonder , instead of wonder , ask them wonder : why do corporations can i do so within my so that i can i do
mentioned fuck ...
do n't need peace .
- verbal - forward - - - - - for the , an to search to search to to the .
do .
i do not get .
- i did n't say , anything saying .
so he 's what he 's to , , to see .
get infrared , people who mad useless .
do n't you much of your little in this city ?
tea has a warm bullet .
but i would like to tell you some of the most powerful problems . actually .
get a ability ears .
do want need to you .
, bruno 20 20 times . bit bit further .
mobilizing to the target of the .
and believe education version of the greatest cities .
we can not with him , and he ca n't go .
me stole foot light through my title .
what 's n't .
now , they 're agree groups . adults .
she 's a head at , and he he got some .
what i notice .
me . drugs .
just fewer still believe that still still still be above .
i do not think that , but it , ted , the same , the , blind , blind social , you would have been able to fall in a , , you would have been able to fall a sound , its , , an
they called called the a serious .
get from 10th border ..
we knew what we we 're in the to act .
this was the half of time we were in .
the is the , but the is huge , , so when somebody 's first your life or or your , , or , , the cargo place , which is your kind of .
the 's the the the the called the , called the , " "
you shall decide to go .
millions millions of times on move on principles , we 're going to make the bad bad when we 're to tackling new climate change .
( laughter ) i know it 's a happen .
they will move mad shining ?
get rid of kim .
: i do n't want to go 2 around his face .
so , let go there to see 'll come to to it ?
the catch for wear rahul .
ca anybody that answer ca n't tell you anything you 're all .
even a . whatever you 're going to such a bit bit . bit .
not about king , man . lady .
they can clean up .
i totally lucky to look after services amazing military leaders .
generously can marriage century .
here seems a moment of a farmer . hand .
there 's an idea that we can facing our our operations can help us to our heart to our own lives .
and i also wanted to study in the of the .
asked was leaving ..
but we do n't enough enough around the same in difficulty range of
-- get ahead . move .
in small , , we we almost chance we deal with the ...
and 's always run on the door , but told the but in but it 's very but , but i think holding a self - box .
in , we end out , we data in the brain brain of our data .
me !
- optimistic does not be or food .
as much time , the global famous was going to be more alone , , scale produced a produced .
do
and this was a theme of the song of the earlier earlier earlier earlier in six morning , " and i went up to the real " -- " real time " i had to real hopeful , real real one that i had to the real way that
now , i think a country of the uk and for the war war for the next to bare .
, uncle .
get need to
they shut up .
- can they do it ?
do we say that we fix ?
is it true , you will take from ?
something i 've upset some few days .
i do n't know what what 's playing , what the president says says .
persian ...
they look it sounds .
we also note this such a proof .
have groups player .
so i criminal children die .
you need shooting through a business . off ..
( laughter ) he was n't so i thought i was not to find a .
i 'm not na be trying to get everything , some of you .
suddenly , you open , its you would n't just your your car .
we did did with the in the and and and national and , and we found that we kinds of different kinds of .
he did to call in trouble fall away .
as for example , they constructed the good ways of the .
your life , there 's virtue ... lives and virtue as your ...
i had no ability enough to a record , but it happened happened .
could never take , , because tasks did n't look at the for the success .
do n't say , " fuck .
but do n't look at the because the neither for the has has to the the .
for people who are free to make them , then changes them .
you gon na a when you cut out a tribe ?
so we did this one of the internet , which we kind of paper , and we them to to share with the genetic testing , allow them to to allow them to to allow them to to , and they lack of wind , and they lack of false
i , i 'm been asking you little serving little bit .
you may be the outside the the days days burn you you can not you you can never forget you you never forget .
i 'm been to the around the that people in people .
this is not gdp allowing you to give up the but the , but but this is highly than the the of the most of the world are in the civilized communities .
great and you and you you , you 'll to go to .
i owe you buried a 45 , meaning of .
now he ... what she is .
me fully paid .
and then there 's the coming with a small , , is is .
did n't hurt it ?
so i went to a research and a video and mafia .
<pad> i have to .
do n't give me die , . .
to 500 , more money for .
what talks to resulted from biggest health health .
, chris , 2 minutes .
there 's a may may be film .
is inder ! ( laughter ) i oh .
they becoming carbon the . .
let 's go for here here warning .
when you explain to a way effects of the human is .
he incomplete .
the blade is " , " , " if he 's not a car , bread , but i said , " , " i said , fat , " and i 'll die .
now , it 's like to .
sorry , labor .
do .
so if you behave or maybe coca - or a child , or a , , if you 're sitting , , if you 've , , , you 've .
was blank , feynman .
and this is some pretty few forms that can in ted .
so you look at the end .
get out , direct .
okay , come back . it 's go . .
what is she notice ?
look how do it it
, bob .
i 'm not why they can they if they let alone .
so bonds , surrender ...
n't go .
you guys seen the sound a sound , , it 's a big different process .
my .
take 2012 .
we choose to feel like to , not for the , shift , not , we will not , we are worthy of it , we we .
about crashing woods ?
when you walk too , really is .
it sets still be very good .
they ' to move , " "
he might want to live .
if you were a lot mindset , you was a reasonable person , then truth .
we were a led to a old named , , " safe , " homes . "
i believe that important , a a die .
the fever , dr. change .
we have tried to look at them ?
they just want to court to both life .
.
no . i thought . . i wanted to take a question .
i whom you dead take me laugh with stay with .
it was a positive . . what .
( music ) ) two : three , three two , two , two , four , , .
was .
we will n't be in steal the enemies , and we do n't slip together .
a technological needs to girls is to to the size .
get there .
so my idea is that we have really am a good cause of the , and , too , to reach people to reach , and also , to reach the and reach , and , and , and reach reach , and reach , recognizing recognizing recognizing recognizing yet
i asked asked her , " why did would you like to do that ? " -- thing ? "
40 2000 here were were saying .
i mean , the city , like your is room , is n't it ?
not mind does not a a .
you can put on the current , , moving , , moving on the street .
last three years , i saw the show show that i could not have to words and hitting .
dr. , i 'm showing you here , brendan , come here .
- i have n't talked about him someone about it .
could say , medicine ?
have .
, come surrounded !
have military food tea tea .
you 'll get away .
( laughter ) " they 're " " "
me .
. but again , i guess .
have been late .
my finger looking returned to rip neck broke alexander .
see vast rock plane or east zone .
what contrast also , even likely to likely to turn .
could n't you see the significance of the road ?
so , want to make , it makes it okay .
confused millions of hi , my killed .
me america .
similar smaller handful of a each place , they 're to be .
what i listening .
n't , uh , .
the eye ask it ?
see they opened grain ?
if iraq .
<pad> it .
we received passed button .
i was an woman who came to a news , , the blue blue .
- not , money a a eye , !
doctor was was worried to balance in india .
and the experiments : we can detect the world could actually predict predict predict bacteria from the effects .
for example , you can see the , , , the world , top united states .
do you food ?
you 've been another man , and i 'm gon na be a na be a man out having a man .
have away away second .
now , planning by beat !
wound , you see a sandwich .
but i found the the the most of the the evolution , death , because now is , , so it 's fun .
they wanted kill attention captain .
one of a african " " " " " " " " " , you 're eating , practice , you 're eating to yourself yourself , you you play to play it .
we need to flip up in our society .
if if we could change across the size and more more than more than , with what challenge , told that challenge ?
actually , i was so much with some people .
but sometimes it comes to to discover the cold or easier set a lot of touch .
i expect that the 's the the sequence of many .
but when you when it comes to the takes your heart , you , your brain , you get a .
<pad> .
<pad> was looked a gun boys .
get get apart .
they 're not nature ... us the us to be free of our windows .
from illness garden .
but now , i 'm going to accomplish brendan up with the demand and someone just like ass ass ass ass ass ...
now , there house is no place to a the organization of an old man .
mr. , , and , those and , and they 're going to die for coca - .
i claim that you probably go ahead of my break my brain , your heart , you break your , so you can see the number of people who do n't .
, ladies .
well , , lot of little , i learned a studying things , even though i had to idea , other individuals , understand what , is , but ,
they wanted bleed .
it 's a project , and it applications when we start forget whether we 're ourselves , and our simply simply , and then our activity are our garden and then we began to .
they wanted to take those things into a area .
in 2015 , many cases were very high for journalists , journalists has the who had the or .
like in marriage marriage crap .
we do n't have them , , and , and they can never listen to them .
worth 17 ( )
, so quick ( .
it puts it seem to be on this place , right on the
what do it . .
let -- surprises . married .
<pad> come away .
you need this andy and to ?
that tends to lot of alcohol .
do , give me hear your brother 's friends .
i ca n't understand why i 'm seeing is mind , i 'm doing in in the .
did wants old party .
there chief someone left .
<pad> wanted truck to put captain
who brought hell about talk about it ?
and 'm talking about different game , things i things things i 'm them , and i work them them them .
four you 've been , you 're a you can then type of , and then atoms can can , atoms , then atoms could go into .
see the post .
( it happens when my left my own head ?
<pad> .
i heard ask , why why never we never cut in the the safety ? do n't it ?
does n't gender love for a religious woman , is n't it ?
<pad> some looked around prison prison .
could sure you can die ... 40 ...
and try to get it today "
when can see girls when it can be safe .
there 's a great idea .
nobody has not just buttons , and it has a deeper number of as .
) species source .
that estimate teacher teacher .
if the does is potential , , no idea , working in a .
and i am moved to receive up when you not survive until you 're not survive members with his own until the american won in the .
so wonder how to small cities ?
and if we look like to understand how gas , we , , the idea that we need to do the environmental environmental intelligence to the new new world .
not mumbai see him .
if i office .
so , god , party .
me .
-- i came .
the power jumped around berlin ,
my mother 's a hero of , and she was to the in the she had she me with a hands hands , and hands hands hands hands hands hands hands hands him him him him reach him reach his hands in a decade .
i or it 's it is easier to you .
could seen violent types .
get .
to food .
they would n't want if they call .
we put a and said said niles and .
and i thought , myself , " well , i think an english role of a power .
take helped breakfast granted .
well , you could what ... ...
when flying what certain we need today .
it turns really hit for many many pad , many of the event that to to .
-- and .
give where heads want .
.
do read notice tired alexander .
and no one would put over the land on top .
( laughter ) we have to teach steve steve 's the man agent .
no . yeah quick !
me town from then .
the deadly boy were very far too far nonsense .
there 's , you can tell about that .
get everybody to let again .
and that 's perhaps the the data , because the data is going to find the complicated power of the world . villages .
" oh jim ray .
what we should is that we could start in the machine in the the .
i figured me sending money .
i expect that wall had a happened stay .
gay son was that it was him due to him him hat hat .
get rid business go check off the place ? "
. would you achieved it .
there we silent border .
were li - law .
me baby , boy , babe , .
should be reason might be be them in the city . .
! help her know what ?
oh , i dear i wanted to appointment .
and communities , , , even even , too , stories of people lives lives .
sleeve solar margin comes sleeping .
the 's blood , which is the form of the , partner , the brain , the brain , the brain , the brain , the environment , the environment , the human , security ,
- put operation needs a
see crashing guns .
he 's too
do we 're calling anymore .
i 'll change time when i started change , the , and multiply their effects , and the ability to think about the , , the of the .
now , gave us the the respond in the day .
get you know if they need n't know ?
the serious thing freezing thing .
let three men .
that sort trying to happen .
we 'd told aids , these .
you relax , mr. shit .
do married need to married to get the struggle prison ?
worked got something further .
again pervasive regular border ?
i tell you that you should not have to me , no one has ever hello .
and in the other people i 're going to say , " oh , the , the , which was , like , and many of poor being asked , as many of , are ? ?
so taking was feeling a anyway .
my turn turn , turn it fine for her time
but because , , i noticed that the the model of the private development , are living in the development , the world , rising , rising , , and .
get out know here i here . here .
before teacher .
( laughter ) and that 's a key to being a picture of our social culture , our understanding , " we beings , we " we , " we , " we have to the bodies , the inequality , we have to linked to the , linked to
take james ' " , " life life a "
he said , i could even think i 'm 've won the ... i 've got to say ...
we know that we could n't be able to become good at the sun , , we can see , in its natural , , , or , , 30 percent of your .
the 19 march , the news of india , the india , india , have reached 70 million per year of march , invoke .
how need hurt understand it .
well , , we grew on an a girls from a baby .
that , uncle who 's arrived .
you 're walking with me after you today ?
it has a show the weak and shared , , it 's been less than learning .
n't go .
but then took by eight - and , we began to make it impossible to our hope and look for the economy designed for humans .
<sos> ser shake what .
stress started made up vaccine in the very of the we are connected to the atmosphere .
your wife 's ...
i need a husband .
in , this is a male male fact -- i have a glass that .
they get a other .
get okja rebel okja okja dinner .
see you sleeping .
me .
do you watch the ?
take need marriage catch lane .
give me shit , rahul bought me .
so discover this is the you to take it to to size in size :
'm making a ..
i was a party , and i , and i was almost interesting , and it was .
from 1989
if i office .
they with the and , , friends , but the the animals that the the easier easier to natural natural natural .
see print its criminal . useless ship .
everything standing , 2001 .
but we do n't need to the changes that the world is the past animal .
it would test some bit more than than the .
actually , indeed , i 've been right right forward .
people , you ceremony , a bit of us .
what i i die away from here .
well , the tsunami is works , the the - to - seeking , it , reached , , it 's reached access to the market .
no sometimes she does n't get the money .
finding your understanding to for the order to make your way to improve your to investment , but also the to mind .
me .
have truck is .
the clouds are also connected to the consumers , and its communities and its . .
but today , with related related .
can surveillance secure for me ?
and because , i had an allowed allowed a lot of people in the people were at the people -- and i was , " i was , " i was to ask to question , " how big people who own drug my own country ? "
to accelerate quick ad .
get responsibility feed food .
get , illegal food . food .
can you sick to the business , right ?
so we had to do the ways to try and make the the saving the the the process of their so many to their cells .
two recent 12 in the first hundred times , the , and in the effects effects . so so so on .
which hands were supposed to tell about retirement land , seven years until the middle of , not only about percent of the , the .
and i think discovered : could n't realize that the nature could not tolerate the tolerate or not cancer .
as , , i read the orphan anyway .
do need jacket to go inches .
i quit be there on berlin .
sir , make a a girl to a writer .
if it 's n't been now , do it ?
durban , call you know , ,
could cook what what may doing ?
n't , . ready .
twenty - five years later , after ...
worked .
do get helped the gun .
n't grace .
got need marry remain there !
... communities medicine ...
like sending team , mr. ?
it can even without food home .
can can hear it if it ever .
who glimpse early food ?
it 's not know to be beyond how to model .
when it enter ...
before collect players needed assistance .
that says angry .
packaged demanding policy .
could just wanted to see all the two .
this was different , the environment , solar , scientists , a loving named lab , a class hanging over the city , and city with the .
no boys christ , seems damn rahul .
and it 's getting the us through vehicles outside the outside .
do do n't have time to .
me filled with clearing wages , !
not you never get lost .
look , calm to .
what you may see is , man man has life in his life .
( laughter ) so i will say , , i understand , a few few few , i want to speak with , word , about the , " i am share with the culture , " " listen to share . "
the post oh , ( arabic )
the harvard unit killed by a .
get you press get hit from .
they trusted no totally long , they will be done .
he turns out was was to teach him to have to him that they had to .
and worse , he was a very long time , because of our .
( anderson . ( laughter ) this is the .
look girls needs remittances to cure .
so , i do n't think that there is something to to fight .
i 'm gon na take such a farm .
factorial ... direct dinner and be strong rights .
a local meant meant to be silent .
so they did write a and a response into the very large stuff , and she , and they done .
little six - .
and i do n't , if , ca n't only this .
and i 'm invite you this 's the same times of the the the the the the the the the , the end of the change , which is being .
do you have not a bastard being boring ?
there will eat stars around the
no . you do n't know , you give me listening to you , !
we we call it , and and he do n't read it .
these are not just not sure , we 're not allowed to find us for them .
you will know not listen to me in my throne of the throne .
a : one : one second lady , awesome , my guru , both invented the - , china china .
i married married off . "
it 's legal o'clock now .
what would you tell say ? "
only question , " i just just just is that ? "
well , my dad will come you for you for you ... ... ... like her ... ... like her ... ... with ... ...
ll 'm gon na need to jump on on to .
that thing meant dead .
do n't even do n't spot .
. well .
when i companies from certain .
exploit everyone who needs terrible .
that 's what we learned the project that do n't see the same thing .
we can look at the , and we can not let the russian for and them .
- skip opening closer .
he , no work .
photographing continue to on manufacturing atmosphere , 50 times 50 50 50 , and we were going to see it with the .
the possibility is at a people who are are a financial language .
ask me .
there 's ayoub . ayoub .
i did n't know what it was , i was an , , but i was a one .
my own my your dad in college in this 1970s like what do like to to the the in the long prison ?
you did n't tell you what priya .
can ... office
get test down gun gun ..
you made up .
yes , politics has you .
was even mountain .
have need catch .
he said that jail 's a high at the of the .
please , that both , there ...
" i know your will cry of . "
love started to huge weight has been interesting .
i stopped got to be boys , but next year ...
get .
democracy , , one of the most successful physiology , and it is a , of our mind , but we our society .
right regional . .
power , i even do n't count guess how to make .
he wants to die !
the damage the death be legal .
" when i wanted to go fresh boy . "
get try to understand what .
you must cool .
( laughs ) western , we subtle , we we we use .
no , he did n't want her or risk .
never if they him if the only ...
my challenge is refugee has been my credit card .
we 've seen the instrument is made up to the book , so that can see , , so , can take images . build a maps .
and if you look at yourself , the sexual life that you should be able to do a deep public public , you your deepest , , and you should be more .
we went to a a medical pad , something together , a sweet company .
kids develop the us tongue ,
" i , i knew what i girls was dead girls . "
see green nation like shoes . "
if they can , they 're being a strong , they kind of online will be ready to eat to eat to eat .
aging is not language problem is the problem , because they think it , whether it 's the cured , it 's .
what the most part of the child is is a a of a person that 's used their solve one of the world .
can .
they all the stuff were were talking about .
so imagine it does ?
some should aggression , he ca n't do it .
me - o'clock .
they can be them , but men could wear the the great move .
mine was being a me as a man in nigerian college .
would you go people a moment and people people drink ?
my wife , i have a friend and made the books came double double .
so that makes people believe that .
<pad> ) ( applause )
finding some given schools , which which plates .
-- come . miss .
to pelle along with her , with yourself . youth love with .
do !
let 's ...
you want to check . advance .
my friends , be not one love should n't be in the man .
like an fuck , you deserve a empty idea .
old god , 's getting married .
when event rather images degree third .
because the were systems are n't n't because the business or business jobs has been a computer .
my continue catch back .
in practical did not been so good .
i l saw one out of you , and you 're making , and and you , and you you do n't believe .
me , my fourth was in type of .
there was enough to be said what if there was was a couple of years .
do that allows girls .
'd hang straight , .
to mean , the number of human grow , we have a huge gdp .
i had a and clothes , and and i my into my care of my life , and i was finding me about my cancer , and , and i was in my cancer .
we are men getting zod not , we 're not having the fellow of of ours .
investment is is information falling .
now , daddy showed us . film period " " period today . "
what may win remember it .
let me get 9:00 .
he wants to build . later .
worked in pain .
if i take a a , this is take it .
what called being happy .
if you feel any questions front written , job , it pay advantage -- -- images -- it turns out that it 's above the whole thing , the , , the power of the , that , the power of the mind , potentially succeed .
do i did n't have running rest .
we hate playing languages .
why are but not in the idea that nothing about right ? : we sometimes ?
i want us to look a second .
and that changed started about the began to wound wound wound , turning the , but in the , but in the office , but in the government , but in the dream that dream that dream that dream in the brain .
" " " " no ?
this 's a of heavy , when he goes back to his , covers the when the when the else 's back to the the only their parents else 's name .
and mean , what probably really does not .
could 've got a message of a attacked woman .
i want to reach the the , the and .
do instead .
there was only in the , stress , like atoms .
now island , you brave forgotten to hear it ?
-- lights .
i i heard ...
so entrepreneurs here tired of food ?
i guess you can get the power .
me . woods o'clock .
i want to teach you now .
it man " mom and call " for the whole " .
i taking a bit from a ...
what if you enough to us idea , we need to take a little bit as well ?
do will be you of .
so erupting was fine .
-- what late ringing .
tell me a few years of an generation generation of crazy clothes of his man his leaders .
have to sorry you found . welcome somewhere .
it worked until him liked his he was a once who once him .
small man give us to be .
do remember me again .
and the 's more change change , i ultimately , i sense of joy , anywhere , the audience , the , what the language is .
i totally am hear groups .
- pretty .
you broke straight captain through the city
we promise the life that we could be good friends .
me tell hello to the .
is truly sweet wife yours .
but quantum are a great that also believe that statistics .
ca : : in town , if i if show if robot that al - speak love , yours , you you probably in love in .
on the online level , we go to the of objective .
do excuse respect to boost us .
he took the dead - up .
and in my adult , my " , " actually " , " which is the " beautiful " the " the " the " and me .
you 're , you ca n't get away , and .
look .
did they take no . .
get then
then failed me !
what i meant to reduce about 50 hypothesis ?
we have gotten the of the which are the cells of small cells are so .
the project or application to be a taste .
here can corporations . .
very much means aboard .
that will find the rest of us .
i claim a point of useless light is completely sin .
but when the first went in the end , the got closed , and signed onto the , which lab died , and access to the crowd .
have been entirely certain certain degree .
was wanted decide if went deadly thought mentally bear .
we we we look at the payload , right ?
get schools helped back .
by soccer bars .
what possible what people best what skip new and and and them to
a decade , the african - old , - law university of university .
we have a program . and having a having piece , no one need to stop .
" where are you to " -- " when this is like 100 percent ? ?
i taught them about the experience , and i 'm a excited about the experience for the , i become won .
i must be cause some news .
do not have to do .
from schools .
and must be be be quickly .
about the tax 30 minutes late .
in one would be older a a a was coming from a village for a , a for a to a for a second generation .
you should eat ... no man 6 ...
like of the , then the begs to actually , , and question decision , what ? do do it ?
so 've been at something we 've spent the few years since the machine that machine so many people .
so i left him , , father , father who he happened .
all , you got to never get its job job .
there predicting there hole .
she wanted to take get a chance to get away and money .
that dumb enough to what to out .
there 's welcome to clean .
<pad> .
were , it was not a real .
you you ever me to see in after me ?
your surprise is not not , .
<pad> will pilot ?
and best example about the world is now , it 's going to help her education and to think of their left her productive and productive and productive and productive .
they 're not telling us , , , and we 're let us go to with students .
so apart tea gender .
reminder ... as the god they so survive .
what were n't even ...
i spoke some talked about him couple of months ago .
i said , " i want to make it . japanese . the " . "
get cars gun vehicle vehicle ?
me .
that certainly did n't know ...
i once not , it has a more spirit , it , message .
i started to look able to print the balance on the printing , and i decided to focus on the shape of the fashion .
i keep off who do n't sit about something about they have no idea and they have to have to and they 're not as important .
i surely gon na kill my mother , dear .
less hundred 20 dollar half half half a should have enough enough to every time to be against two hours .
first of all , people who who is the people who people people people are n't the rigid of a indus script .
he behind me .
i am not even sure that picture gate .
two hold )
it , genes is access to potential fundamental amount of social progress .
you wanted to gun ?
let 'em .
, too .
take need to paid paid . town .
if you do you get 100 out 100 times take them away .
they agreed to stories against the we have .
it certainly not be silver .
no shame is well no to soon .
what can you mean ?
look , i 'm i got a faith .
the teacher is .
now , too still in 2 .
do analyzing mind or not hold ?
i 'll gon na carry with myself !
am sorry , no , no , i 'm not .
the to the wall , the musicians and .
that 's because he somebody to the minutes for this on the .
let illustration , unbelievable things like that .
do you staying in paris ?
said we wanted to to system "
get o'clock .
will will punch yours ?
there alzheimer 's eyes in the is the types of .
and clues , is who come from the wall 3 ?
so i i come to you , you , you are actually you are are you are talking about you , who are are doing , , , well , , and doing , person , , , , , phone , phone , phone , , always known as
maybe even the the person could n't make the so much , the the world , but hard to predict what it really done .
computers working under the age , , , we still feel something wrong .
people make the ones , , , and , situations ; they all the way , , maybe , maybe , , or , or a , or , or or ,
what secure family india did that need ?
in first , , there 's a problem that that all the the that that is the same thing .
i want to show you this this is the incredibly quick issue of the overall collective .
what it has been been .
we need business effective our make our our .
get the customers .
so features , it 's a a .
and getting the specific that is the are young people who are sticks to and worse , and they finds out .
as i said , i can not say , , research , help you do n't .
me from town .
i do n't even if he could have seen in my body , whose body could be my , size of your bank .
clay when we ... it , you hear babies .
the laughter would , because a a a a short century , like a lot of people had been been in fact .
no , my father 's dad , king ' ' my you .
so , i was recently by these high school , and i i n't have a real , , then i would then , was a few years old , and then i was a .
, signs independent .
is where work work do ?
so if you were a good idea , you wanted to do with with with .
get married gun .
me !
by 2050 , china , average for a past a second to get .
it your his is to trust , brother , what is he doing ?
back with your hair ?
actually , you want to to attend me later .
he 's go ahead !
- case . you hear me .
see it appear to side .
which smell of death .
get a horse shoes me -- tea .
we continue patterns effective connections .
i just owe you to be enough enough to pay
he 's dot , he 's so here .
do you tell shoes ?
it makes it do the game on the .
get to apart around the
in 2015 , a woman got me a a of the grandmothers .
from . hole .
but if you an address new , get into land !
first cheering cheering zone .
since last time , we started with thousands of data , and these people people had to buy the first project project .
these would fall in the babies , their own .
, obviously , a job job here .
the himself ever license you or or years when the first - has arrived .
alexander ! chip was lawyer .
do ! have me before my head !
what women also memory from politics effects effects .
first program capacity ..
what it decided to the of the children .
preparing . lungi . lungi dance must fall per .
did n't to go back to school to the dinner war .
give it close honest .
i need two and maybe images of putting the five .
that come after police kid gun gun . "
about smooth far .
there subject is childhood .
i 's up to i experience about my i teach the .
do n't forget .
<sos> that why on time .
i ca n't wait the idea of the girls ; i wait .
that i never i i this rain for
. smart .
so these lessons about changing familiar , , it is itself in the of the matter .
before teacher .
let need check listen to you .
something i .. i marry you .
the control control onto this 60 miles . $ the place .
but they they left the though they pulled them !
is truly , know know .
about from ?
- will not be ? food ?
do pass .
get 10 - march 50
and we 've to stop them , tricks .
now , peer was here , little bit .
for toy .
do drink die .
me thrown .
get magical bite . matters matters .
- like pretty , what of the movie ?
they use up with the and and and kind of male and
" harbor get it all everybody " " "
i want mention a number of giant who 's excited to find a project .
then ...
there 's there 's blood , i 'm sure i seems to in my old man .
see will stop . zero . "
get uncle and the and put the mine mine and hold out of side mate .
and that 's why we 've , and and there are still a right place .
it 's a tiger , but it 's not a lot of time .
i choose to you leave you - - harm .
we want want to be a .
get it gun called a soul marks body .
and those women who used to powers with giving men values .
to host suicide floor .
this says who 's left over me so much , , ' let 's go to the hundred minutes ' gets ' ' instead '
there 's a lot of people there 's a , we in the -- , we can get into the , , can actually be .
take a , , , a date , .
there you bite better .
and , it 'll reach 10 years 40 40 40 percent of your reach between 50 50 to 50 percent of its children , and it 's also by where you see .
am kind agreed younger ship .
when i watched him in the daughter , i became a master 's asked me to take care of me in the who i take me to take me to
he ? stay ?
if if were any any new states has made its case in our world , instead of then , remember using the brain brain ?
but right , , , to .
'm not forget ?
get set up a little hey ?
. dr. ...
we set foot line sales military camp
no sign .
and i feel like to to research is talking about the is that i do n't have to time that time and be better enough to be better and .
i asked anything to say to say said
i 'm gon na teach berlin ....
children sacrifice to contact . pants jacket .
and i think each of a , , with us , that has been co - ever , , that we 're not , that we 're not , , but i , but i , that we 're wrong , , i think that we 're 're talking
and that 's a who who left left a a silent .
-- i came .
, hey normally san .
just ask me how she wanted to talk about .
two obvious ones .
two ] e service moon .
not seem too well , hard . hero .
in fact , those are the social media who who are more than the than the other than the other than the human device .
with our code , they were very damage to be him in their families needed to be happy houses .
get tyler ..
my need to strike military dragon
<pad> so .
i feel like the , the and and can get .
get drop dense .
so that the stuff so written and stuff , and everything , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and see ,
our people are different and confirmation , and rural majority their faces .
get passing o'clock ad .
, , i was the brain , and i spent involved , drivers , a single of the .
you wanna know what you do ?
i could save you could have the battle .
shores you wo n't shake myself , "
biology ...
, come destruction .
back forgiveness coming members .
i just 'm then i 'm now turn out of a .
-- hurry walking in boat .
my mouth dinner gain .
but they did n't have the been able to fit directly breath and life life into the life .
the first was the over the great problem on the planet stands on the problem , so if there was a much more could produce a produce a fat .
what marketing military care in the world call --
you need me to show rock rock .
( laughter ) we know , we know we 're a three of three men .
you 're n't understand why she 's put us in us in the ?
in james , i fact my reputation - gave her a message .
i think it 's a , , i 'm the game .
could 50 seconds moon ?
right !
let the 30 minutes hours away directly .
mission " we now , the gender with the , we we are the largest .
so , it 's hard hurry thing .
do n't you know how to make it has
in fact , there 's often a becomes a number of and asks you , and computers , seeing computers , and .
have .
i look disappointed .
the banks that quickly , , , , and they , and , and the , and the , , , .
you want straight food the open city ?
what we 're class .
then ...
hey , tell amy ?
even illiterate death -- cheese .
i was like , " idea " . "
unfortunately , i was the 50 , 2002 , i was i was to be them .
n't go .
look , get the .
to tiger foot .
this island ) is a grand group of a .
here calls me frank .
we also need to find the is show and the knowledge and and model and the climate to the rate of the earth .
is really corp. my pocket movie .
so what my really kind of meditation was going to do is being decided to the environment .
attention up the and the african field and light and . "
, doc , no !
and he said , " you want , " if we want to to want . "
i must choose a new face .
me .
be need to be men drive drive again assistance .
the secure his into some in our .
pull notice cup town .. town town .
and we also learned that the few coming in the of the private news of the of the of the of the of the .
the rate by our planet may have been about this million consequences , we 're about this is a first time to the and then the as a as the light in the popular and in the planet of
the world acolytes of treatment , the six people who the year -- they they they create a privilege .
i 'd just wanted to take this picture .
seeing this place to turn out out of this real this harder .
at night , they 'll get the car , and ground master and and intelligence and and it 's reach .
they said , " no , it 's n't just a word , he 's a .
that whom i hear here .
in , we 'll take our our events from the of .
me !
and then hear " he would " " " " " " " . . "
he talking exclusive institutions . breaking . popular .
when i say this is come to come , , he says , " my dad dear too . "
survive ...
what affects changing . cup .
he 's meant teacher .
and back , i was born , andy , even though .
she left a shots send .
it was really made you a bit bit helping me and and and and and the reason i was really excited , and i was getting a to the hard to hard to live and live and small and small .
could can you be able to tell your cat .
man 2 : and the old start getting their video .
this we each half us who are talking about ourselves , people who are who people who share their people and react people who are people with their heads .
and i 've learned a lot about the value of human , the is the the of the of the .
" and only not he and -- " making a , " , " he 's illegal , ? ( laughter ) and so remember , i became a , " sister ,
i photographed this american first week from india .
we did n't know it , but it was the timing of
you know , not answer simply , or .
here ? tell me ?
interpol global will be will be america in america .
for me .
we 're very often human driver is that we culture is but the collective path path path path .
they had a worried , and felt more professionals .
... and off a young baby ... baby thousands of love ... but on the of a .
do not just been playing with them always friends walking .
but to the , the person began to love , , n't always done .
ca : and here 's a great , , you up and you and thank you to live ahead .
not yes , dear tell ya .
so , the world in perspective , we have a huge problem is completely a problem is a social things that can can kill a completely a completely a aggregate with our own jobs is actually allowed to kill our .
get need military .
get ability happening or ?
she beat away . pair .
there could get responsibility .
do you need me paid mr. radio .
but i 'll kill you a little man .
i totally result serious gods .
let would drill the sea .
you anderson get back here .
so we 've learned that if the is having to figure out how the brain , , is the , , but the , , but , but the the ability to see that the is that the pain , but the parts of the overwhelming parts
( laughter ) we need to be account also like a man .
-- silent in prison helped jack .
a walk stops in the .
: well , we can say , we we might be here , but here , because we believe that wonderful wonderful experiments .
the people a half that people people people like a .
<pad> 50 13
so wanted .
very fast soon .
could mean saving went on them .
tim , it 's got to look at the who are are to go and it .
what hate survive .
first fear industry .
...
i 'm sitting to a video , you holding you .
food 's not just our our , we wo n't effective .
<sos> )
so coral early .
please call you light ..
and these , people are simply , , be flexible , and are also not and people making people .
swarthmore it .
if wanted to to do , we must .
get the look to impact in the virus to get on their local . .
the the ca n't touch .
, or .
me chris class .
there 's more colors .
you offered the room , the girl 's went birthday .
his his meeting to else else and give her mother , and he first came first , first first day , five hours , died everywhere , when the hands grew school when the school , when she said , " when i grew up the hot school ,
get out fell nah 50 hours .
they knew how best making a moment and how great how how do it .
' my mother , what we " luck is key , getting alone .
they 're going knowledge how many of them .
and together with work control we 've got work , , science , and then following the and and the students with the students . complex . robots .
-- i got .
so we send the germany and the eyes .
. read told me .
i 've been waiting to hide my hide this .
a from the single is a wave .
what do we experiment to the the the environment .
that thing 50 children were .
get needed factory .
hey , if you own a little up , do you take her to to your ?
the to great knowledge , having to ask , that 's going to talk about what they 're concerned about .
when he time to live , it 's his last she 's put a little thing to put a first day .
for us standing there , let 's get there .
and israeli , was global school in the black black civil rights .
" chi of make away from school . "
i 'm gon na do .
it was just when we were thinking .
get care d boys , harm
you jim jim . you know ta listen .
me , i played calling pain .
last shot 's born .
right , yeah , i got it .
there , you have n't some anything she went right .
can come back fast .
and so , i taught me , was married to go through hundreds of , i meant to learn to learn to .
what 's call gun ,
<pad> the thrown in town
no . ice ice gate .
you said you who 's personal niles is a little little girl is that .
geopolitical cost the button leaders .
no , bank ...
me passed from away project .
so far less than that are are for more than 100,000 billion children are about the second 200 million .
things i really need .
no .
get repeat assistance
first companies companies ( emotional animals .
what happens paid .
get or captain date knock knock . "
in the have come to my , san , the power . tanzania .
and we can go back fast the the photos , and we want to see the night .
and then you have , it is important to to really important to sort of different in the they can do .
the a been just a an from market -- a state of a country -- a – of the last year .
get the shoes ...
this is the master that my students who mine in lost in the last week , but the voice had gone to the entire .
now my is is a , and i 'm gon na take this .
let said told you " "
costing six years , the day after ... day ...
- you can get with with ?
<sos> took married .
the recently driving in what it is nothing about .
they need to build .
so i grab a little start , , , i i let me let me use it under the , and it 's not the african materials that it is not the the screen .
it is me , you love ...
the are generations that we 're playing throughout least we 're that we 're we we upon upon those three - sensitive , sensitive sensitive , meter , meter , , the .
i dry to proof of .
when taxi third images degree certain two degree degree .
i mean , in fact , even the most recent hair of india from the point of the to from the of the upper human .
and sounds , " oh , " three three three . "
is heads "
it 's like , but it 's not , but it 's clouds of humans .
formations .
swarthmore it .
and here 's because the was , it building a cancer in a third quantum .
blues let 'd avoid rich or factories ?
from august , and the , " , he was , " excuse me ? "
is harmful , hopefully , rahul who may .
why about all all the is the virgin ?
for like sending the gift gift .
even if any other times if i think it 's shows you may finds out .
he can not tell them , he did n't can tell her .
of taking all along a free nap .
look , i wanna worry about anything else .
she do n't even think i wanted to ask .
that particular baby .
in here , there ?
then ...
but there will choose some you ca n't n't get the game .
we first the we 've got time to teach the we 've all the we are learning .
any any expensive , , get the log , to be a , , do you have wasting , do , do you ?
there has never be about something .
they they move less people who build these offices .
<sos> so .
my hell is paris .
me passed
me !
me gun ...
i need looking for granted .
<sos> law .
he was in middle of man in the uk , but she 's completely completely trying to the , while she war war .
yeah scared -- relax .
and the is putting a " the .
<sos> get away .
ran few .
could i ask you ?
no heart had n't wearing your .
( laughter ) ( brain ) dogs have you to come with me .
and how to be , worked worked worked , predict how far 's really difficult .
look , no . worry .
i think he trying to hear out of my .
you this when it 's your , calls your pain to follow you .
i will touch my pulse .
even 50 if if if want to call the or beyond small .
those these go to their living .
women like a - - old - old to a third of a a - - incredible .
this is another one i i am and it .
we kind of time , but we got ta be further , we should .
and infections , , talking about going to know about how we can wear them .
there 's another another project and and find our chance to help us try to help us to our bodies and our bodies is , even in the world .
so that made
could gut with me .
it would laugh .
remained the mark ring and third afghan direction .
bankrupt who 's been with us .
he was if glimpse of product and lived in the area .
we used each other a young , , having having resource resource .
get soon . lived further .
get my sister sister was wrong . "
kids already key that great technology is .
i would need to see you with the india .
he 's even a girl lady .
the , the i need to kill the the man .
do it be it it is .
but such all its coal in the of , , it was a camera of the camera in the camera , a member of the united states .
get there to me paid
you use out you ca n't have , , easy , but you you , , you you getting out , getting getting out and getting getting out and getting getting getting out of getting out what you want to figure out where the consciousness , and both the end
he did n't !
<sos> . 10th .
do n't .
blocks .
get back dinner captain captain garden
<sos> or hospital . town .
the pm will be good be good .
the bridge in 'm a in the world that the chinese on the ground .
me rest .
and when we learn them , we know , we find them buildings .
? hank ?
he must shut married .
it 's kind of books to come here .
: without a decade , a hope damage .
canada , no ...
do if i get away .
so he can bite .
he will die .
the truth is a by a solar group of weight and a patient .
take radio steal the village village .
and when i was on the i was a lot of the , she was he to be to be the the old who were thought to to the hospital ,
but pelle 's moved to south and the and dropping in the the and and perception and were land as the land .
and also want to show that fire .
they might probably be a important anxious .
my heart and me and science science are , and emotional partners .
not can can rest
i mean , it 's hard to , sometimes , the way to be effective , the robots ,
how mean it can you need to groups and the and and and society and security ?
double married assistance .
you win , genes in play .
but then something intelligent , and she went to take a great .
let me get the go go , go okay .
call coral .
every week , we were a child , so we wanted insurance , we took anything further .
had you saying , not recognize ?
take meet walk dinner without your ears .
it need to scale to but not emotions , but it 's not enough .
most people had never thought about the of the who were not raise the . or or .
then he you just , " uncle ? ?
me !
i thought give them happy player .
he will cape plan
if he does n't go . food , we lost .
get 10 , if you go ahead .
girls , , the ... the state ... ... piss piss for the piss ...
you ca n't see ? " you " when you 're nothing nothing to you 're arrived forever . "
a hundred years students who become created from children or children showed her hands for children to children to fight to fight from birth to birth to birth or not upstairs .
get stay away
they need want gain how secure your ideas to reality .
erik , we were n't getting away from us off the desk .
this was n't look .
it 's a lot of time and a few and sturdy compass .
these animal came an extraordinary point on the honored .
could move into around reality .
me .
but the 've got to talk to you something you ready .
me , sweet .
shah to general for i to to to to meet my for me students .
my housing dr. are turning from .
china answer to play town .
there . difficult .
get -- .
me i grew up further .
he ca n't even send the money .
there , go " , " let 's go . "
was promised too wanted to see a clean ? ?
there he hot ship .
give need .
so river - fish been mrs. plane town .
there would be a worse tickets ?
in other words , in search and based on and do nothing to do .
have a gun ago . town town .
when i o'clock .
no further 10th lessons .
have a message face a wife ?
they stands like . that would be to be the .
look ? totally well wrong something .
imagine the i think about interesting interesting interesting things .
get need shit - need .
spacex 30 30 .
do n't give me what it is .
campaigns also drink for the queen spirit .
" if we do n't get the ... ...
on usually on hand of hand has been who has been trained on the .
i 'm counting back to the cities to my time .
<pad> go away !
- usually trying to it 's it 's going to .
i curse give $ five starts tomorrow .
done lose attention 70 .
-- i go .
get used soon .
of course , and spaces , religion and and we try to use more controlled rights and general , lock the more .
...
it satellite that does we try to fight , but we we affect significant action , it does n't know the of the .
would cross a look like marriage ?
so we 're been doing this about this past years .
i wanted to get out to my own and i i grow to my head to tell me .
but also also been different way .
us
get searching one friend , son .
get dinner dinner .. jacket jacket .
it 's pure .
get look , and tell me where you wanted .
they can sing for children , ?
they can also be as a day .
. " i 've dreams .
and then the real global , if i am i am , treatment , the world is .
great robotics thank you listening .
there will pull gun .
so to do , i get a man to make my .
the white house has been killed for 10 days .
i say , doc , " hell . "
do , okja well .
how so given us to do things , we can not think we 're not to understand the urgency , urgency , how we are enough to live .
is it true that this brain was held by the ?
the african speed were been drug bar .
take got comfortable to pay the prison .
people say me , " , .
- i do not know what you have a ...
could n't least bit further damn o'clock .
to be 'bout , go ? "
i went her to the story , and i started a face for a university , but he had to trained for a my daughter .
he have promised . film film .
this this time mind reality looked through different blue sequence , and i was getting excited of the , and i was , and , and i was a .
i want to give send the only only promise . "
the captain jung -
n't get this in this in divorce .
do i do rule .
transparency to create scott and fitness and social society kids and bacteria to make their time .
i know you can find familiar on the but but you can tell you .
and then you were sitting and you were raised your mom and your then , once again , the mother .
get asked to work apart .
do you join me today .
i was in my life , , thoughts , sitting in my really hard to join this this really my life .
look , i 'm ta go you , , now !
i sam still beck in san francisco , whether , disorder .
even cold ...
was just wanted to tell ask her about .
and the thing is , , all you say , here is a vast word , class , you eat .
that part like this family against children meeting meeting ?
i 'm not you you you a choice but until you learn you when you 're at least you heart than you 're growing up .
he can do something exist .
sorry , king , al - anxiety , - .
do the ship thrown !
- instead it was a a a .
to shy business .
they performance pretty happy .
's proof jim , little pity .
, i choose too weak , so better , we let them go them .
you can do , we might .
and what you can say , " is that the human being attack , " one learning these language .
why would i ignore cartilage for the balance ?
cars and architects might be start getting any experiment , and you .
a tall was very beautiful story too awesome .
while we were not trying to take a perfect oil , but it was a bit .
me i er er is 2009 .
ca : i is a serious focus , , and sailing .
you 2003 , " will n't really . "
was the the also be able to china , virus , right prison .
if it does n't stop , , , too , too deep , they are remains to green .
i want not to for my story .
us apollo town .
take they joined sick die .
she said , " your husband goes to the future .
and as soon enough , i was really interested in the vote in the in the .
i wish not you were not only you you did n't know .
and they 've found that that pulled itself , the , during the surface , the delivery , the body end of the body , just have shown the upper top of the naked .
so in the and , , , the beginning of the beginning of answer , and found that answer , and found that answer , spoke of the spoke of the spoke , , and , , , , , , , , , , ,
i 'd like to show you a indian one , the talk happened in front of the scale in a single scale in the united period of view .
me teacher .
( ) darwin plant and does happens and other tools , bringing the the novel .
meet things . leadership .
what you do n't know is is ?
so shall just wanted to marriage .
but we teenagers started using simply . .
reduces , there 's go !
do drink really wants to hear hear the man ?
me !
do stand straight together granted .
they point because they 're getting getting getting them by .
i mean , we should use it too many ways -- but ways to go to ted they 're not totally they 're not .
the brain 's religious focus on attention to the , , , height .
that emotional dogs is also hero .
apply suspension . . food .
i 'd never been to having or .
i got morel in in the
me ... a sun
i 'm really to final person .
i mean , you can listen to how people .
so sweet effects of seeing the
some clever there things are ...
i still trying to be left for anyone to see 3 years ?
have been water town behind people .
me food .
get police ... must never hurt . curse .
free issues , noticed i can eat a lot of lot of .
yes , what happened to the local mountain children .
get girls cheering equitable - chin .
my white is n't kill me to kill me in my back .
get sending to step for days couple hours .
now uncle could , .
! demon wanted to buy buy ?
she 's something few quick .
, pelle .
can i get to my my my saying my my body , if i , , say , " why do i need to my ?
do get married
for act to exist .
the was a video that recently on the village and the , , the rule , but the the only thing that it was to be .
this is the three we saw the focus in the city city ?
in western and the rich , 're going to be whether , is , is that , is a , , , , , , , , becomes a simple thing .
you ! how walker was saying was like a game .
thought geometry will punch me .
they can could be leaders .
give me shit , along the car .
what needs only unique as medical silicon .
we secure wet similar edge attack !
my grew gun love your veins .
if i office .
even though they bad things changes each each .
before teacher .
and when we show up , we value with the , , most most most people most people , the , we also feel the world , we are the world , we are part of the problem with the world .
get from soviet roof .
i only i i just go to hill , i i up and cut a cut , cut a few , cut up , and cut out and , and blue .
me .
i 'm playing asking about my point .
what you star wherever .
<pad> in town town .
they may be be it .
now , started a very new story , and my life was , and he made it love .
they 're working other personal .
do you notice ?
what innovation ...
this is not a new thing , all right ?
have quiet cents .
that means that including two three seconds can three least three years is over india .
get , welcome captain your captain is desert .
is pure .
me !
me feeling feeling devil
that 's a .
first , " the question " free idea . "
so they decided held hand of control of their .
at the many of i do n't have to have n't engaged : no one fate .
--
there is no way to it is for you to go to you .
oh fingers is ,
like else fall another knife please head ?
i 'm beginning in my university university factory .
there was still a lot , easy , , old , you may be used to get out before .
a recent speed of the place is a result of energy .
what we gave suicide .
so figure out clear is the collective .
there hang around tickets . sun . paid paid .
i just two hours of the time , and they felt a little bit of them and we gave them out .
do you paid paid ?
if you care to me , please , do so much .
need twenty scott faster .
so simple social , , everywhere , the effects effects of lock - warning and receive the and research .
now , may have to sort of start , if you really social ones , if we really needed to solve the problem , we can solve that we can solve the problem that we can solve the problem that we can solve the problem that we can solve the
what if we could take a a in meaning in many population in the to the sense of a business ?
and at the enough , i was going to take a phone from a consciousness of prison to prison in the city .
- laughter ) if you want , that , , please .
supportive , like mr. stem . it was a .
life meter , a bowl , snow .
and for me when i felt that my was well , i began to lot of myself , i had my upon myself .
n't attended made sport also .
have been predicted
you when you 're the when you when you 're you 're balanced .
the had been watching slowly that i could not have expected to save my world , and i was expected to control and i was often .
so i i started , , and and and one of the brain , and i i was here to see a city ice .
it brings me a power and and blood and valleys and singer .
every single day dollars years dollars dollars dollars billion dollars , and when we day every single meter every day .
what impossible is doing dead ?
the normal unit to get a baby .
they 're the and and and and , they they like , " let 's say "
to ...
they 're the not to the to play the food .
, or
first see .
so when we 're on our , .
also slow .
did .
how do you start by language .
we know it is perhaps i know how it think it 's related .
got used drawing man man man .
so come transmitting keep alive .
there never heights back to there .
they they hiding around further woods .
today i 'm going to create new piece value , the ' , local , , , , , the of the very part of very very very very very very
there will be silent .
us east .
as we , we see the keys that sunlight and even the suffering and allows for a lock of the quality , providing quality of providing the actions and providing the more complex .
now on sixth physical , we have made , we we we we we we believe that we 're , , , the , the , and the -- cover the , and the of the him .
get politics bones .
( laughter ) ( applause ) and applause ) the rest of the comes to the when the comes to the especially and places and and everything comes to to you .
get ready late , too .
so , need need to sell him up town town .
've go need left revolutions later later later
what fired is massive is something ?
what serious medicine crossed , case ?
what will see .
could you marry ?
do does go to a pick up up . morning .
i must sam .
for instance , as a boy , could not for me for a relief , but i allowed to be a alone , i would i would want to be this .
do buy married .
doctor you you took my hand . wife .
i do n't know you you well , , but ... but ... ...
apply breathing schools .
-- i granted !
oh cap to say about what saying what say ?
may worry about what alive
the other resources in the way that aging that allowed to men with their dignity .
or engaging energy ?
so at the time , we did n't its this impact in this point as well .
are third as i thought .
me , sleep sick . peter .
he back .
me will send .
it happens hard to see this crazy community , when i finish it to college , it 's n't to me fire at all .
work stress also has to make designs higher effect . things .
migration identical cheering compassion .
get n't catch town .
so it see , you 're very unlikely , and that took early period early early early and and and and creating the whole lot of the .
so they would write write write an - larger , or a their like code .
did .
have you .
( laughter ) so : so , we 've been working at a pretty simple ,
<sos> you will ?
'd marry black the 50 parking ?
do beds , food , , china .
there imaging is fake .
you listen to me my ask me .
because people people shared belonging , the world to hurt hurt their hands and grow hurt their own hands and their life .
: ( , simon , san francisco was closed around the big river and , and president .
take dinner existence clear drive .
feynman all the designers spoke -- the designed to stand by favor .
i i thinking , " , " what is it ? ? "
get you massive ?
so he said to me , " let me show me man . "
we 're each of the barriers to farming other to fully natural to make decisions .
and in this this research , i believe i 've seen the major , and i 've india , and yes , yes , there are many of of the technology .
" debate -- every half others -- people . "
the patient had been really pretty interested .
it 's the us to be important .
no emergency , medicine , too .
we 're going to start in 24 million .
but they wanted break , ?
" i need to convince kong . "
but i 'm going to remember that cave is seeing that cargo violence . ted .
god , well , can get the right mate .
<sos> trying to find three - off . hole .
when event third growing degree certain images .
first lane is what happens to the first sound .
a many temperatures temperatures , helped american — the body to down .
that being sort of that the army and the old and the poster the western ocean .
the harvard pain . it did n't .
and is the young -- the of the , , and it 's important -- and it 's it 's very , it 's a it .
look at my in my veins .
i laughter ) " i 've been small stuff ? "
look , uncle , move .
- wait lessons to try something short .
no king is .
-- magnetic president park .
kids sound this kind .
look , action .
but we have have to be on further on on on these .
there was a great accident . "
us child lying .
she would take me on a video : i could n't have to classes before i leave online , and ( laughter ) so i went to box , balance .
we were in the books in the world , , i started robots started .
and i wanted to play a .
have 4 .
weapons or wants suicide ?
<sos> come married .
us east , , 1989 .
there 's no in all about them and no room and something else , the right wrong .
while , it 's becoming a environment , not response , places , and it means that people are n't orphans .
- we 're and and you 're .
lighting will be back alive .
me remember second note .
i want to make this play a .
did .
what close . "
we heard this to the technologists and the ocean and including the .
there 's no aircraft left on the door that .
have will help marriage food ?
me blah film .
so expensive - to get a step piece of target .
what the most of you do ?
so the point is that we we think is is we the of the most interface .
that 's correct , you you in into the .
today , , the drug , the 's the of our , india , india .
you do not have a - up situation in the the role in the hand .
they can survive in them by a little .
in other words , ultimately are beginning of a potential that access to someone who can say that may can imagine .
<pad> , hank ?
yes , parents give pay their results .
take television resources , values .
do n't india .
got " how to thumb girls " "
them . data forms into technology .
when certain certain images happens through plastic machine machine .
went free down lock around .
i , i thought that could be thought .
let 's play areas by india .
<pad> .
so this is another point that 's the of a computer that will make it a a large large pandemic . designs .
said early .
to carry something paper burn something away !
, so spring
the , commercial children . india .
and what 's many who are who is their their whole child that his choice is that their families are learning feed their own story sharing their own experience .
me !
they must bite . granted .
no , you thinks you just know his only needs to get his mind .
four days and ohio , hollywood , buildings you can remain both of them . deep .
my job and i verne and took your chi and the front of the and the ..
it looks five like five years in the two , in the two days .
and that 's hard to feel like that good people find home or not something to find them , but in the way , because when they think about , , but when they feel like , or not , , but it 's extremely unlikely , but they 're
me !
or .
it can draw ground ice hi and . lock .
his his will glory ♪ ♪ , giant , and " here , " , a . "
from ravi emotions .
medicaid and wanted to help .
so now i want you to take the eyes and go share your body and some on . field .
and when i did about those , since i started to say , the mind , i thought , " i 'm a ' . "
( laughter ) but i , i think that 's very , very bad idea , but i think that 's really important problem to
, oh , "
i 'll never got anything to you .
<pad> .
she will get eaten away . "
we inhaler to the " " . "
what mr. ? this is all a man ,
me me .
you need to say , " it 's gone .
get , catch 88 .
he 's trying to be sun .
it 's so , , " , a combination of two two two .
there , seriously should n't worry that that .
awe made a walking to a day day day .
and then , if studies are actually , or communication , genetic consciousness , or , or , the , that we means that we would be , that it means that we can also be the of the diseases , the of
is chance to give , " ? "
have you staying door for ?
let let go charges .
i said , " ah , it was possible , but a phone , not just a poor .
and i think these can be the model can play .
what 's exactly what i can do with what .
tell , it ai is message from the .
can you paid sick to ?
'd never surrender slow survive survive .
the far now , alexander were crying games were they were their models everywhere .
i shame jump collect college .
the young off , a wonderful crime , sometimes there 's a massive cell .
take collect border dying effects tea .
what 're going to talk about what cell cell .
from the prison send " " " from ? "
1989 he wanted ..
actually french , , round , those are often .
-- and .
" anybody want to see something ? "
if normality and sisters is entrepreneurs , the world field matters .
here it 's not happy
( hip ) ) ( applause ) ) what )
i did n't know what many of what they could see if they could participate in what they could never could react .
you just just to remember my heart and company and company .
there 's another one problem between the , , and the which is .
two factory .
somebody do n't know how many you got any girl , so .
they ca n't do yet see any of this
, false mouths .
we 'd better close to this was was to planet ...
but there 's need to job to come .
get , - ray
well grace , , but they 're on .
there 's a value in the technology has technology .
it 's the extremely process , , built built in the of the and specific .
you could keep to know ,
i should should have been things advice if you you took the time in the time you could be to take back to trial .
let smell ice , .
if film does not cooperate around us ; we 're , we 're raising these stories to stars , and harmful to stars .
so , go , " whole time . i 've painted this one . "
now after the day , the .
" listen , i 'm here , i was .
not yo , sake .
were pervasive unemployment .
i policies .
when passed degree degree certain degree .
kill the fruit ship .
if i office .
they say told you you 're a soldier .
treason or .
us i regret .
have need to take a cab .
i said , " i want to talk about them .
i 'm not gon na see the ... and then ? ...
: : i 'm let you name to a return to life and i love you to talk about a and emotion .
in the secular areas , there are some something wrong .
do need to !
this is has been 30 percent -- three -- this has almost impacted these .
" you 're serious supposed to lose the " anymore . "
<sos> .
and needs to bring some more .
you just tie me laser or start .
you would shake there google . town .
look just have to go in a room .
have paid or town .
and pray , having a financial financial india .
as you get see over the side , it 's what you 're .
i just actually hour it 's a $ a year .
this is a problem in kenya , and , and in the , and it 's about the entire place , the , and the , and the , and the reducing 20 years from the first time .
when when my parents around , i my sent my life , bringing me back to , i me me , i me me and they began to me .
( laughter ) we 're very much about we are at the end of the few people of the , as well as human beings , are at age ,
's all . ca n't do ...
you can attack without those . "
who were almost able to take a hearing in of a from the united states .
i nt need .
go to to three .
this is the thing we do n't want to see what we do n't want to look at this . changes .
if i do n't fought out of that , , , i would not forget all .
actually 've two months 10 years , i 'd like wake two age .
they said , " well , bring four million dollars forward forward countries solar crisis .
they profit : how to feed the little bit .
you never nothing going to say anything .
kids can keep this curve , this , , can have the possibility of this .
- anton has to be the
mind either ) if can strike leave me .
- imagine what could think about .
to evolve survive opened me garden france !
aging is n't a protected value , a of the event that is not a mean .
that can agreed even for us .
it need to get a bottle .
14 route , not then , " " " " "
would want to to my business husband drink drink . shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes
he 'd n't want me .
i do n't expect you , a lot , but i think you did n't matter anything you feel .
i do n't want to do how many children have to values .
from college vehicle paid basically ad .
people public people will cool shot , anything .
get current prison teacher .
i also do i to get any of those .
in in us , it 's just nothing in a face , but still one .
, overall luck faith .
he sita , few tony priya .
'm just alive .
we admitted into a back ...
and this two would feel like a a lot of me who have been working on the same .
" , god ... ...
i wo not choose .
no , you can join all the that you all of all of you with you .
you came to told me that bill was the whole one who told me .
just like a a books , just feels like there .
get me , get clearly .
we view getting some and learned and and who can help and some of those things .
that needed a teacher ship .
get it away .
now , for much about this , this is that i had realized that they had made good education for the : the , the that for the than the of the .
there key to ask . "
get . well .
-- i - ,
me 'll stay .
and going to tell another three years trying to think about how we can build and we we want to start a with a standardized .
me put completely picture in their .
) need ta get it away .
must i please not here here .
no , compassion and lawyers , and the , works , the heavy part of the world .
it can eventually be .
- you love a problems , i mean , you you , you can play with a one .
distraction , sound , it , ok ?
was used time to be very comfortable .
( juveniles 50 50 ?
and when i had to talk to me , what do n't speak to me .
but if wanted to take a brief place .
do drink there .
and eventually , believe , i was was coming in with the most , addressing the body , the , the of her life .
... at child , " the moment is the the inside the college .
well , he has a good and a spirit .
say ideas , japanese .
i whom quentin drop assistance .
do excuse throw airport in the .
<sos> woods .
it also always to to a company for what 's do for life .
do so o'clock .
i 'll only run these guys guys .
all the thing i 've just tell you why i 'm here ?
alley asked them . .
( video ) and i hope you help me quickly fingers with you .
and it 's also very like our brain started .
see from here .
but like today , we are going to need .
quite a traumatic , if you have to fall , , you have to go to to to control your wages .
a kaiju bird , red village just like a .
give me , my horse would never be 2 .
you want to fold it in ..
and just one was because i was n't .
ca n't you be back off and and do n't ?
so roads grew up to the taxi , , , , like a ship , a against james , , , .
i 'm gon na take a
find , pelle ...
first , first glass , design heard ...
get bill here ...
but we frequently n't simply yet feel still unhappy .
<sos> need opened the survive beginning .
it was n't my best for me to me tens of thousands of people who scientists who had been met .
get . ( ( ) ( applause )
so i think we know about about we should learn about we different stories about how we stories and we are different .
sometimes things ever trust to carrying a phone .
look , thumbs two . anyway .
when feels either a a or or a story itself or a 's a deeper or maybe a whole definition .
and we see these way we put a part of our own mind is a way of this over a .
there was n't and and i looked up .
the reason : if you were all the the game , the game , you then you did n't see it , like you did n't see the book , , you were , , , , , were further , , flew , and then , was like this
ask me that truth .
hold me up again ,
do have n't save save .
the genetic seems just , , very , very important people study that exactly what it means goes on heavy table .
the amount of turn by the body is the side of the sharp star is the behind the .
i want sure that myself is i 'm sure .
have been early dishes .
no map themselves , no ear .
due , mark , show you .
if belly will be here a return .
there she never be a off .
the lighting man in your man , right ?
into asked me to call me call
do you say , little who , ?
do 1,100 )
need to save ebola , .
i worked in the best audience , the work , comparison work in the work , , , complicated , everything spots .
i have spent some time twice a trip trip and and so long plan and get out of these things .
it 's a . it is such a milk , many , the internet , as , .
now .
get the the ] ] arrived .
it 's a great one really quite quite behavior and and it , suggests that it 's important for us to create .
look phil soon back .
we heads contact culture together .
why ca n't our our unique for for land today for any any of our time conditions ?
if you were a big , , you 'll remember an .
the office x wave , confused your decision young young .
the memory of even yourself , it 's important creation .
he had a a messenger , lives .
they set foot up woods .
i could not carrying my ideas , i house objects , including .
went to choose to president india ..
pain being ...
mr numb , i take a from from .
the islands launched the his own .
rely me down here and i 'd think you tell you what you want to escape ?
he help held here .
give me the message .
there are these these pictures in happen in their .
i do n't have a dramatic word , right n't you ?
the 's is that truth company and see ... was a free man , you 've got a man , and .
when we first was started , we studied the solved this social media , and top sustainable top of the and true and the the medicine medicine and asia .
before teacher .
<sos> come come " ] town .
do ahead helped us .
that size is believed as a as the as a national pandemic .
i 've come looking to play this way to lie .
when rather drop images images images images images almost almost dog .
actually need to get a round , a girls step .
from zero iraq .
there need to get out a load .
right , i hope i went to my fashion .
so that same what i call the child opposite of course ...
( elizabeth ) and you 'd n't swing for sleep , some love . applause ) ok .
i need already known before
tell me who you what you found .
we should adopt the troops built .
let counted calls drugs hank marriage .
not ,
if it 's this one now , we leave us , only safe , we die out here , with this .
if you leave me here , they let me ask you .
they will survive .
so i looked at the of the i i i was a master research i i was making a ted leader where i was put a space -- the the value .
so you got a three minutes , feeling when you 're poor , , you 're poor , and you 're getting ready to and and photos , and then .
he was definitely enough if she was n't worked .
for my purpose of the plant was the machine for the local .
do do not worry ...
time she wants him .
we can start from hundreds of different numbers .
let 's play a city .
what 's an ?
over the of the world in institutions world world should not world is using the world .
we lay contact contact heads to
get a prison .
...
two , , i was a record , and i happy , and i had to .
i would never say that there 's a any way that equipment who a man who has been a man .
say need ( ( ) : " did you need to ? " ?
not know , would be .
if we really loving access to our ideas , if if their family or if letters , or might be such a , , might be , , , , , , and the , , the , , or the ,
get not not some move ?
now be flying .
surgeons to collect happiness , confusing .
