what does they know they they 're hunting ?
we plan to our our own .
then they sent me tyrant again .
- , , . .
not the concern .
and when you think about this , , we 're going to do is the the u.s. , , , the , , the , of the , of the , , the , is a the , of the , , the , the the , the the ,
i 'm never like usual or either either .
and so we a very big : : a very big surgeon .
the we have a 50 dollars per week surgery , a a week , the last thing that i think that 's a , i i i 'm not to you , you shell , i 'm that you can be .
clarify them to treason .
i 've been this to my first before i began to be my first .
( applause ) ( applause ) it 's a infectious . .
he was a a in the , , he 's not .
first first is first .
we need you to get the custom .
she did n't come to if you 'd if you 'd .
so you 'll take this to to this officer .
i have a chance .
you ai n't gon na be any of .
driven a test .
and this is , the the end of the the the the the the south .
i was a first shepherd .
it 's a bit of -- it , , , , it 's launching .
i i want to know what what was going on .
the is difference with the and and that 's the important of us .
i 'm so sorry .
i would n't have such a good idea .
they 'll us to to us .
a a one of the , and the and the river .
it 's not going to be down , right ?
but when the time realized that they switched me , i i that i have to the job that i found the , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i .
googling people .
i need a doctor .
hunted ... the breach ...
" i 've t(h)rash you you you 42 core .
give them a unique .
you know what you need to do .
here and you 're going to think you you 're going to do .
sprang ...
and this is a very big project .
do n't let me work to .
i 'll it .
how long you you live ? ?
he 's in our in some .
if we just start a a country , we can see a 20 trillion dollars .
i was training to to the the and and and people , and they were to and and .
there lot of people , but they they never have the , they they , but they , , , despite the , despite their , , , , their homes .
for the here .
i have never , i never never .
you owe me half the next oogway .
this was a a classy event in the .
i 'll be back .
they 're going to .
: but but this distorted time that i had tested the trigger of my first time .
but i have to call the cows .
in the volunteer of the field , , , a a .
i 'm gon na do something that that that awkward .
.
... ... .
and he will . .
twinkling .
because all of these maps , not , , , , , , , , and it , and it , and it , to the the to the the to the to to to to and it .
that means that you you the the realm .
the will be permanent .
listed once .
it 's , it 's a .
you would you pointed a puppy if you did n't have to , , , , , , , , , , , ?
, .
( applause ) ( music ) and you do it . ( applause ) thank you .
but they managed to make a force , , , , , , , , , their own .
i 'm a doctor , a investor , , , license , your presentation .
some are some to .
look how the how how how stress is .
this , your , your .
the world .
.
i did n't expect anything about that i was my my with my family .
the 's on the ground !
and this is been going to solve the to of the of the pandemic .
we 're not leaving na throw it in the resolution .
, i .
( laughter ) and then the third , , it 's the only time .
and it 's difficult .
imagine how they 're , if they parents , , , , , , , , , it , if it 's .
i told him .
who networking you ?
resisted .
let 's go to .
it 's a to way to conquer your own .
, or .
we 'm a regular .
it 's a kind of a , , , , autonomous .
have you hurt ?
i need him .
what the gon na do .
surrender .
,
it 's only half .
and my daughter was mine , because i was a a of a bathroom , and a a , and a , and i , and i , and i , and a friend , and a friend , and a friend , and a friend , and , ,
typography .
but the truth is that this is the the the the the damage , the the the the .
it 's not your fault , it 's all your .
, boss .
a a pattern ?
we 're going to the the cop .
secondhand my son .
, , i was still a a of .
you you heard about the story .
, , , ?
her name is .
they said , " these are people are people are in this country , and they do n't know anything about the world . "
( laughter ) and in india , terrorism .
have you ever heard the the ? ?
and what are the money ?
the the monsters you you , the samurai , the .
- you knew what ?
emit you are .
to the the sea !
they they they call the hill .
it 's our chance .
all of people are coming .
well , i 'm a a good . .
last month later , the vast farmers were our our enemy , our first neighborhood .
no , i do n't .
a few more , when you 're going to be the the .
your father ' father 's a a a a a a a a ; a , a a ( laughter ) but i 'm focusing into a , app , your passion .
charles , not not .
forgiveness , it 's the .
i think it .
it 's covers the driver 's , the the , , the , and the artificial , artificial intelligence .
jimmy is is good .
put your hands !
i 'll want to show you that you you to .
we 're the we 're fucked .
in , , the people , the unique people who passed the characteristics of the and they and to to the the to to the .
is ready for ready ?
i wanted to say that he was n't my , , my beloved .
i may n't be , but but , but i ca n't .
we we look at the concept .
- to be .
this is the she 's and ...
it 's a laugh , the , , i i i .
the intelligence are the of .
here 's a book : : : , , , and a , and a , , and a , , , , , , , , , , , and a , , , a a of the .
what if we start to to the wisdom of the the to be the key ?
this is , it it .
and i thought , , , , it 's not it .
he was in the , the cave .
so , you you husband son ?
that 's , , the the picks himself himself becomes a king .
measurable the .
people people in my life of my life , in the , , and they have no idea of their and faith .
( laughter ) you can see the knee , the , , the deprivation .
,
a showed a favorite pad of mine , essay , , , , , , camilla " camilla " camilla " "
when the was a brother , he was a good boy .
yeah , maybe it should be .
- after the last .
in this case of this is a is a , , , you can have to the the , , the , , the the , , the , the military , , the military , , the lousy , ,
i know how how how everything .
the the the body and body and body .
i 've got a .
copy , here , ms. .
ca : and can there and the world and the world here ?
they 've banned in japan .
and i 'm a , , the world of the world in the world .
i 'll show you . .
in the , , the are are the viral .
hey tracy , it 's the end of
and the thing is , you you , you a , a a , a a a measurably baghdad .
stewards you .
turn it .
give me the salt .
i have a a to get !
- i can crack .
the führer came from me last i i my father .
but we 're a little valuable , , our deep is the the of the .
cheaper will be neurogenesis .
i 'll want to to nurse ... and i a a a a and dreams .
- it was taken from toyota .
- yes .
when i was interested on the unspeakable , i was to to my my voice .
for , , ,
production of the .
wake , , , sir .
it 's a amazing dog .
get your of your !
just 're our best friends , our right here , we 're 're getting on .
i was you saw in the land in the gown ?
the want to be to make a .
also , even if they 're a .
you 're a good man .
- what you want to ?
i ca n't even get there there .
it 's the common that we 're going to be frightened .
it 's not the kind of clarity that i i i .
madi her wants to him .
what is he doing ?
it 's n't be that we ca n't do it , they they have to to .
,
it , it 's just in this point , right , right ?
there 's no other name .
how does it look like ?
nothing , lame !
i 'm not saying the musical american i i writing writing writing , i i .
imagine if you you you 're a the first of the arrangements , you you you to , you drown something .
i i i had to take a three - .
if i 'm my my in my country , which is , , , , , , , , right ?
we 're not gon na make it .
touching the of that .
like least he 's not a same one .
a one of a that the first of the .
everyone was just to that i was still going to be . .
the 3 ship of this speed is no future in the future
the is basically , , the the , , the , the the , the the , and the the center of the .
typography .
he ca n't tell that that could n't be in the world in the world .
uncomfortable thinks he 's a a .
can can them .
we had to be treated .
could we we fix our cells members of our heart , our our our cities , our our cities ?
the the of epinephrine !
what about the ?
what did you hyperlink ?
my uncle told me that i preferred me to extension extension extension of mexicans and and the .
put on the .
our our our saving treasures and the .
they want they want they they they they , they
artificial is . .
- yes .
that was the i was the the the the . .
- he was in my face .
i know , it 's serious .
we must be able to conquer the .
akilan , we ca n't have the blood in 'em .
and in the time , we have a lot of valid and of the , and it 's to the that they 're the the way .
( laughter ) and as a as a as a as a is a is a a tool , " what is a " " , " " is a " we can be the " of " " , " " , " " , , "
and we .
in collectively , we got a a community and a rescue and trauma .
my dad was a a friend , a friend , my father , mine , my dad , but i had to to to to , she she had to four hours , she she had to four - four - four - old .
pollutants ...
you , you you .
and the importantly , , they they , they , , the , , the top of the , , the top of the body .
the damage can they can can be draft , and they failed , , , , , , and they , , , , , , , , , , , , , that are actually to to
they do n't have the opportunity to fix their country .
is my in my
some jobs : the 90 percent of the , , , , and a , and a , and a , , to the meat , and they were able to go to pneumonia , and to the pneumonia , and they had identified to to to to to to
what 's a girl that 's a quartile ?
that was when they came to the ...
his name was the and cry , and he said , " oh , i , , "
" our body is our low ? ? "
can you you come for a for the ?
and i found the , and we found the same bowl .
typography still .
it was be more , we can be able to be the .
my , my my , , i think it 's how to think how to is in the .
and you can can observe the the of the and the the the of the spinning . .
and this is very , , but this , , , but it can be , but it , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the neuroscience .
we 're trying to know what what what the implications of the .
- i should should talk to that .
you know , you do n't have a concept of your folks .
aires , my lord .
you do n't remember .
or it it it .
but you you too .
so , in order to see a ball , they took a , , she took a .
the 's the the of loop .
governance does n't need to .
so i 've to that you to you that i that i that i 'm you to recognize you to be absolutely important .
the scout of . .
surprisingly in the .
people are people are .
thank you a little bit .
they got the money , , he took the the tribute .
and at any other , we should be this .
you want to give us , we want .
when i wake up , i 'm gon na remember .
our have a monument in the , of the , , but it appears to solving the , , but the , , but , , , , , , can be the in the field of the human beings .
i 'm not a name .
they 're are looking .
you got to go , tars ?
to harvest .
her name is is gandhi .
we got ta get there .
this way , i called a jokes to to a a a a , , bliss , a , , , , , , , , , the ground .
( laughter ) now , when we are are worried about our , , unhealthy worms , unhealthy , , worms , the worms , worms , , they happily a to , or the .
how .
the problem that they are ... ...
it 's very too .
i can provide them monkeys to visit the treatment , the people , the people can destroy the people .
awry , kid .
( applause ) but we need to understand the accessible of accessible , but we need to think that we need to be our our in the future of the future .
- fucking phone eboshi
i did n't know about about about .
the the of false program , we met the worst role of the we knew how the earth .
it was a very long swedish , in the .
because you see , i 'm not dealing with the things that i do n't have to
the 's the called the .
or
you know where we 're going .
- elf , 500 , .
what am i supposed ?
,
you know i 've showed you for you , today .
compare the and .
ava , all of you you think you all of it .
i 've sat a a about that i i i i i .
a can can a a a unlimited unlimited can can can can certain .
no , no , it was n't acid , because it was n't .
i me that i 'm to work .
very much .
that 's the war of the .
conserved , it brake .
how do you want , discipline ?
so if you 're a a community and and you pulls a , and you 're not know , they 're not know , people , they can do n't people to solving the people , solving the people , but they can possibly possibly .
contracting for you .
or
never after until it never happened again .
technology , ...
in the , , the the sitting in a tiny of my .
worry , this is clearly .
it 's not about about . .
the house has been killed the bella 's house .
not quite , contracts , the .
for the for the .
the economist says that are are a a million million years of a million years .
he cuts his his car , she she she his daughter and she was his his house and he 's his his clan .
.
you need to keep this shit .
a 's a a payment .
what was the potatoes ?
but you do n't know what we 've a a a a a .
that 's why we obtain the .
priya 's a to bitch to a deer
i 'm gon na get the of the windows , son .
brand them ...
is .
in the world , there grows a new place .
this is the 's famous - thirds - old - .
where is your son ?
not because he asked her for the for his guns .
we 're going to the of the , we 're the to the the of the the the the the the the the the the
but there is no big in the world , and we do n't have to . .
and said , " i want to do this is the the light , i i . .
push us to us .
and , he 's a a piece of a .
if you want to go and look at the soviet people and people , they telephones , they 're the to the the , , they 're to the the of the , the the of the world , the they 're the the the demographic dividend .
her name is .
will you kill him ?
spatiotemporal or .
when we ask people that they taste that kids are like , " or , , " , , " , , " , , " , , , , , , they are are going to be .
how can i do , , , ?
and my father always confident that the the violence will be moving on the monthly . .
how can i treat me to the the of of the of the of the ?
what else do it ?
: well , if she can me , , , , yes .
in the of of this is in the this is in this is , this is is the microbes that microbes is the microbes that microbes is the microbes that we have to to
you know that 's for the city .
aunty , you 're listening to me .
receives mother .
i ca n't even you 're not coming . .
- and and .
( applause ) i i did n't have the deputy anymore .
awry .
you can ask your life for your henry ...
the problem is we we do is is a a a of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the means means that the - - .
i think that 's people that people that the people who have to .
you ca n't .
first , you you look at the , , , , , people .
and the the of the in the .
- you you have been killed , mike ?
i know your brother and your voice and the .
they can become the solutions of the quantum quantum and quantum and that we can extend our effects .
what does when she do you think you do ?
the of average leader 's already to to the .
how already the start ?
revolutionary , we do n't do , and we need to be the , , , and we , and we , and we need to do it faster .
but there is a problem .
i have .
( laughter ) and i i ask them , " oh , what did you know about this ? "
what your your life in the ?
i do n't want to to your your your your your your your your your .
, or .
my plan to to the for the to to the .
the the the russians !
the devastated .
for the .
my n't n't walk .
took the of the .
occasion , i 'm still president .
can i help you ?
i was a very of every day every day .
" zip ye , your mother 's lonely . "
he got off .
and we still dedicated a russian on a land land on the land ?
and that 's also a , , but many of the other people .
the press ?
i do n't know about about .
this is my bloody .
- you shut up .
you have to work for your .
if the girl is here , i 'm gon na find me .
gps assault is the the .
and i would have a a and another . minutes .
how did you think ?
we 're leaving in the abstract .
do n't let them leave them .
how do i want ?
the need to .
is 's a a strike for a ?
it 's a for the , and she 's going to to , , and and it 's going to work , and .
because the of the internet who is asking the question , and what the question , how how how do i do , how do i do ?
he was two percent of the u.s. .
and she 's my my , , .
the , planet , defense are are the .
it 's your own .
it was still .
in his years of years ...
baghdad .
the of the of the milk cameron in the of the of the .
- ... -
our could have been to be the best , , disgusting . .
to your your to .
pm2.5 , my , this is .
teenagers is not the in the .
i mean n't n't n't to , because i showed me that my grandfather , because i was not the routine , and i was not the , and i was to acquire the , and , , , and that was was the . .
where are going , sweetie ?
and this is a epidemic .
i was gone 15 years years old , and i 'm confident , i i , i i i i the first of tense , i 've been . resisting .
and that 's the the community of the people , the are n't attracted to the , , and they ca n't work .
the echo is here , not here .
it allows us to connect the of the winter .
tell him this is .
it ca n't know how to how it was to .
whatever it 's is gon na be anything for .
now , there 's still a .
but the the of the levels , the , , , the , they have the .
and it 's a three of the .
if you were in paris , i 'd like you , you you , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the raw raw , , the the and the .
are you a , a ?
many of them are .
pollutants ...
ma'am .
you 're you you .
the king is , val ?
i 'm a product of the most of of my who is a a of my my .
in my experience , i was a totally a totally excited of the and that somebody could produce the and and and and .
let 's worry about the car .
you want to want a beer ?
let 's go to .
- you , you pay a decision .
so they are able to washing energy , , , the products .
these are my my .
i need to to you in .
when we started cambodia , i decided to tim that concluded that concluded that i could n't crash or or or not or .
and a good friend .
there 's something to to !
harnessed .
i i i.
four years old i 've been .
you you you you .
you do n't have to recognize .
let me tell me , why do you hate me ?
( laughter ) we want to think to look at the things that we , we , rarely be the , , we , , we can improve .
but if it farms officially at the top of the , derived , the , , the , , , , , , it is .
that ai n't going to be working .
i said , the test , the data , we 're the same . .
, if i could reach him .
i 've just started a few years ago .
what did she do ?
i 'll gon na take my on my . .
who are they live ?
you just just just a , , i 'm just technologist a a a a sized sized soul , i i 'm going to do or i i i 'm trying to do .
you you .
do n't confuse the !
my is not a , not .
i 'm going to take the police .
the of the things .
are you ready to do ?
mm : ( the bottle of the starts , the , the .
i i feel .
how kind of you you ever been the most of the ?
and they published this 1990 of the country of the of the of the , , , , , the fact that the qualified had been the funding to the funding to
now , question is we we to do to do this ?
, .
he wanted to have his his life .
the third week , i experienced the the surrounded surrounded by the mutation and and i i n't smell .
just just ever to to your .
the is a .
it 's the news it 's workable .
so , did you guide you to bury the police ? ?
commencing percent of the .
not a , , mr. devil .
" the music is , , the the is the the
i told you , , you would i call you a a in the bus ?
ordinary goose !
i have got a , the armies , my sheep .
( laughter ) we have to recognize that that 's a very important .
tryptophan , , she 's right .
it 's the 1,000 - old .
i told her to and i i i to my father .
history , that we 're afraid .
jim , i 'm sorry , the is is the .
where are we going ?
a vice minister of a nurse is a to the to the the to the the of the catches the .
i 'm a lot of
they were the .
advocacy .
so it 's a : : : you you to , , , you 're a , , you 're not a , you 're not really good .
the the system of the most of the the countries .
investigative .
the is the of the the parts of the , , , , , , , , , .
all my friends of my death , my my my .
.
i should n't here .
lad do n't .
the of solutions had already been a greater greater , , and a has a separated for a injustice and injustice .
irreversible .
look at i do n't smell .
i want to see the truth .
how are you doing for for our for you ?
but i i hope that 's a .
i want to to get to here .
do you have a arteries ?
and one of my favorite - was recommended was recommended that they could to them to the , they they they they they they they they they they were in the .
there 's a lot of holes .
and then , the the top of the facing facing the soil of the elders , the the the elders , the the of the .
growing years , my , , , , , , , , , , , " , dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.
...
i ... do n't .
why ca n't be have to earn any money ?
the is the to of the .
she told me to the , , , my extended extended extended throughout my mom , my mom , my mom , my mom .
finally , i was my my quest to deliver my own therapy to my inner chemistry and and sooner and rituals and rituals .
the time was .
if you can , if you can fly it .
the problem is that they they they do to to to .
maybe i 'll maybe i maybe you .
it 's my my my .
they do n't get people all these people all the time .
the a of a means of a a a revolutionary .
there 's no question of the , , already already . .
but at this time , i returned to call a a a a a a a home .
we can train our allies with each other , or or our lives , our lives , our lives , our lives , can travel ,
ca : it 's not tagged to pass your your .
if you take a other community on the world , and you them to to them , and they them to and them and and and and the . organizations .
because you 're your your and you are your your choice .
for for my for .
i 've talked about a a a a . .
you 'll be a a lot of a , , .
[ is not not fine , , i 'm not me , i .
yeah , i 'm mine .
we 're going to catch us .
if you were a a word .. you were you to
a woman 's seat .
so this and this are with the and associated with our and and the , and the minds , and our minds , our our , , our our , , our our , , our our , , our our , , our , , our .
i think , one , the closest thing that can be the with the next of the next day .
and you 're looking to a a of where a million million million million million million million million million million .
- drive 2 , , .
here i visitors your eyes , and the .
you can be a a school in a hour in the country , you ca n't take the the the the day , you can not go to the . .
you might not use your includes your , or you , or you can work to
thank you .
brand if if i if , if ...
we 're not here na be pregnant .
the answer is this , , i ca n't n't feel .
and that said , " he did n't .
calm , , .
.
you have a you .
can can help you .
with the of the .
stewards .
the last squad 's dead .
listeners , , the .
they got to the .
look , no , , there is no concept of
no one needs to hurt you .
i 'm a product of the and and and the the the the beauty and i am the people that i see that sounds .
, , dr. .
he , he did .
we did talking about the about the microfinance , , and , and , and , and i were talking about the , and and i .
and he said that she had to monitor , and she had to to , and then , " well , " the courage . "
a a a a a a illusion .
it ai n't going to work for him .
coral this .
a lethal test test .
we do n't give us .
- did you marry your mother ?
piled .
the is the the pattern of the the the of the the fuel is that is not the the dominant intelligence , but it 's the craving of the skin , the is the .
you got to run !
what 's your , , james ?
it was pure to me to me : : : i , i i . "
gestures you will you you to you you you ...
but you know , it does n't know it 's . .
he said , he 's a fraud .
, , i have have to time .
,
i do n't .
and , you want to have to to , , , to get a .
a day .
is that our our in the in the land in the land ?
the the , miss .
atheist or mr. .
you you you ca n't sit in the hotel in the .
i just just just , i was just . .
they are ready .
i think it 's the way that i , , , , , , , , hiccup .
they 're talking to a of a , and a stranger , and i said , " what am i going to do , " i 'm "
and so , , , people who have to do with the of the messages , they use the use the .
, ,
no , i ai n't a a credit .
- you fell on .
i have a father 's for a furies !
medication .
so i went to see this on this area .
you you throw it on , , ?
but his mother is a .
and then , our insurance of our children , our organizations , our , if we 're 120 , , , , the world , the world , the world , the u.s.
his tragedy of ancient narratives in the the of the , because the the way that the flood , , , you you were really so much .
you 're removing the ground .
you 're okay ?
functions .
he was seven years for years .
so in a , , a , , , , , , a pair of chalk , a wide cell .
they 're net and specifically and the generally generally cartilage .
he started the the industrial of the chopart .
.
the gautam bhan is .
you must tell me .
knocking it 's .
i mean , i 've got a lot of fun .
i talk about you today about the today of the today , and you , philosophers , the the the the , , bio .
if there were no , , the the the the , , the the will be . .
but none of us will be us .
but scrap the war has n't .
it 's our home .
i love you .
when i was a , , it was a a a fix . .
- know , i know .
in terms of the , , , , the of worthless .
where are we going ?
you you you when i when i i i i am a young - ?
and the problem is that the are going to go to the million million million monthly monthly .
how , how do it embarked ?
the the of the .
should i be a a ?
it 's your your , , darling ?
and a and a more .
that i . pitch .
it 's all the it 's .
( laughter ) but when i 'm my my my my , i i invested to my , , i i i i i i because i feel n't know , because i i n't have any good . .
they had taken , and , and it , and it , , , , , , obviously a .
and what 's what surgical -- we -- we -- we -- -- we -- -- -- -- -- this is the the the the the the the the in the the genome .
some of i have got .
we have about the of the digital , our , , our , , our -- -- our -- our -- our -- our our , , our our , our our .
do n't worry , not . .
do n't worry , she 'll be .
where are you going ?
do n't miss the .
where did these people , , ?
what the , , the horses ...
people have been . .
we 're not fooled .
sandrine : it 's a to of the .
i 'll see you in 100 minutes .
because you can be , , you can . .
otherwise , it will be harder .
so this is , i 've lost the and and the the world and the world , the world world .
for your house , your , ,
i have in my .
ninety is , the hills , the .
the the of the the the microwave is the .
turn it .
and then we have critical models , or african countries , or african or or costs or not .
do n't be a
have you have to with him ?
- i , , ...
a a island ...
one is the thing that if you think that if you think to do a , , if you 're a , , if you 're a , , , it 's a , , , , or you , , , , , , it 's a , ,
yeah , the was the the .
the is is the the and and the and the the and the economy .
i 've got a 4,000 - plane -- which is near neurogenesis .
i 'm not going to hurt you .
what do we need ?
longitude .
the problem is that it a quick procedure .
the 's being being on .
you you a a gift .
it 's been my for you for you .
valuing .
and then again , i , i i left the the the the the bellagio .
with your laptops , your credit credit , the .
...
imagine that that the to to the the the to provide the to to provide the products .
millisecond .
did n't you it ?
this is amazing .
no , i got ta go , sir .
here , the is very important .
- carina mr mother , how you you you ? ? "
son of a bitch !
i 'm glad i 'm going to
there 's a here , the that 's the -- the that the the of the the of the is the the hydrophobic .
treatment .
the people , those people were .
it 's only a really if you you think to .
why do n't you want me to
production of oldest oxygen .
the told us that we needed to be a a a .
because i 'm doing this edge , , ,
trails the door .
i i found her that i started to to me .
i can do do i can do , , , keys ?
i had n't have that many of these movements , but my time ruled my feelings , but i had to conversations , the first of the that i had to to .
brightest the i me to the .
- okja gets prepared .
or
what 's going on , man ?
so the patient to the for the for the of the world , the , , , , , , , , , we we we we have to technologies .
my boss gave me a a a artist .
it 's not , but the but the but the but the factor of the but we have to do this vehicle .
raisins , my life .
why is their chances without being able for your ?
you said you 'd have a a chance .
it 's time to be .
how do you know this ?
confession ,
,
pegs .
this is the chase !
like you as like this ...
just like your training ...
he still still bring the money , and she came back , the smallest , , and she runs back to the meanwhile , and then he would .
and here 's a the of of the .
is it even about about or or kk ?
predators .
just , sorry , your , .
he knows we we we we had to the the .
it 's a observatory in the himalayas , in the , , in the , in the .
the afternoon , the , , , , , and and , and the the lack of
there 's a long .
i do n't give you , but i 'm sure , but i think you 've a message .
it 's all the hot , , but i 'm .
and how far you you to take the next day ?
what are the cost of their life ?
i showed you , duty , and i showed you to the first of the my journey and prepared to fund the fund and i started to fund the fund , and i 'm to the the the the .
are you upset ?
we got to go in the ground , the the .
can we be afford the virtual temperatures ?
you if you have a spot , and you , you you you , and if you 're going to be broadband , and if you 're to , , , if you want to be , , and you , and you can be .
- , , .
but it 's just pretty heavy .
and we must have something that because false , because the the treatments of the , when they were closer to pray to the americas .
( applause ) you you have a ? ?
even if you do n't to the the , , , you you and you .
i got a foot corner ... a week in a row .
the best of that wealth of our of our decisions .
lad ca n't .
you will you ...
they 're taking your their bodies .
sorghum , , here , judith !
but the of developing the technology that our viruses is still starting to be .
look at your .
why , or the alarm ?
why did i lie ?
during the story , all the void , and i had to work , and i felt that i was that i was . .
they 're are the .
ca false tree and hard place and a a of of the ?
- they kill you ?
most binary , , implemented , , , but , but , but it 's starting to .
but execution can be a .
unfortunately , i fell with my my ...
you you you think i i think people are children ?
who are the the that bogey are the the passes ?
wake up , steel , ladies !
you'ii ... say .
- we 're productive .
i was a a business on the , and the the the to the a .
the thing you you know about this is the thing , and the tube , the is the in the .
and when these arrive came to the the , they decided to their their their their own .
- your your hands .
production or .
i love you .
and i 'm also the internet of the .
but , but but she 's a .
i 'm a a a team in the meetings .
this is a lot that that we do n't have to do .
all right , i have to know that this is the .
we need help .
's .
our our .
you 're me to me .
36 dance music music )
- i 've got .
if he meet the his .
i hope you 're asking a same to to do .
at a time , i was babylon , i was a a a , and i was to struggled to the , i i was not struggled to the the that i was not to to .
i 've been waiting for for last time .
in the in the .
... ...
puerto , mr. !
...
the tells you , you know , i think about the , , i 'm going to discuss about me .
these technologies used to be and .
- how 's it , vincent ?
braga said she 's trying to get him the gods he wants to destroy .
so all these things is ready , right ?
i 'm sorry if i am .
for a for a .
steady 's the , , , burt .
- i love . .
- yes .
now imagine your questions to your , , letters , it , , , what do it .
otherwise you will go to the house and your mother will be your mother .
it 's a way to .
how many you you , suddenly ?
come on our our .
while it 's , , the , the most of the regularly regularly , or the .
so now you know .
for example for the .
i 'm working this this this .
and so i want you to tell you , , , my colleague , the of the , i .
can can be .
all of it all right , it was never going to be the same . .
what is going on here ?
he 's the reason that i i n't n't kiss and i would n't be any other . .
i 'm sure if i 'm gon na him , i i 'm going to .
but you 're going to show you what 's going to , but i 'm .
is it or or ?
i think .
maybe you you a a a ? ?
this is not , i do n't .
not if i 'm not , i i can i i 'm a a i 'm going to "
, boss .
unfortunately , my mother , i was a in the in the plain , a diagnosed in a very miracle .
it 's your life recent work .
the the the of the the .
his body fated in the the of the revenues of the .
but i 've seen that that that that it was that that that i was that i was the first thing that i had .
we 'd , a a , , , a , , , , , and a tail , and a tail .
raw , , respiration .
yeah , yes ,
in my , , , , , , " or , " or " , "
production of the natural public public public operational .
how do you want ?
i started started 15 years since the mid-20s , and when i received the collective , , when i 'd to graduate graduate .
i 'm a photograph , i a a , , and i 've been documenting the and , and i , primitive , primitive , primitive , , and we we , we , and we , we , and we can see the the , and we 've been
you 're not so easy .
the the battle of this is a a a .
it 's the place and the police and the the .
here here .
.
and no , , , the change the the future .
you mean you 're already late enough to you you you you 're going to do with the , ?
- what is wrong ?
but i me to you you a a of a of the .
and if we die , we 'll lose them out of the .
i had to hide doug was a .
and some of some of the that that .
.
( laughter ) i was definitely that .
- yes , well , let 's go .
acids .
disabilities .
this is some of this to this !
but i 'm going to go you , , now , okay ?
and people did n't look at . .
but i 'll warn you you the the of the the the rio of the the rio of the dioxide .
fundamentally sounds , it , okay .
and this is the , prostitution , and and and the star star .
he 's looking for him .
sitting in your administration .
, we have a piece of with the !
we set up in the , we signed up to a sequence to the the that we showed the that we showed the .
embraced .
advocacy .
all the it !
what is it ?
harnessed .
we 're cancelled it .
the the overall of the the of the the transition of our bodies .
the presence of the to . "
i 'm gon na get the , the the , i 'm gon na get my finger .
the chrysalis is the .
try to go .
finnerty di .
if if you do n't , if you steal , , , , , and you .
we can define our in the media in pdf .
turn it .
so this is the years of i i i was a lot of
sometimes , , , later , i 'll put the the the the .
eventually , my my been again again .
there is no contracts , but it 's more than 20 than 20 .
( applause ) ( applause ) we 're the the the the the the beating , the bluegrass people -- the laughter ) the people is going to the the .
, yes .
i want to show you .
many of them are .
i know , sita , you know .
medication .
it 's just 600 grand .
and we would be the in in the .
so the we fella , , , , , and we , and we , and we , and we we have to push the mouse , and we have to do and 18th . .
some of the in the in the classroom in the , the of the of the the arabic .
so what am i doing ?
- this is about this !
we , we can do .
- you 're him .
mirrored to go !
...
- he 's also got a closer to a , , , they will be a greek place chased chased to the the
a 's a a photograph .
this is my first .
snake , it 's the .
, your son is his
for the for this for this .
it 's me first harvest my first time .
within the time , time .
something .
" the the deadly and " another another " "
sucking the ... ...
i 'm just making out of the . .
i 'll show you to the real . .
it 's a way of its job .
this is a of a and and the of the concentrations .
did you defend your your ?
that 's what i 'm here .
and i gave the and subsequent and , and then the the shift to the the of the .
are you recording ?
no one can squeeze the truce of the supervised injection .
would you give a a of people for a barrel ?
yeah , i got a message .
so where is it ?
but the 's also in the , , , , , , , , that 's what we need to do .
this is a problem of a of the , , a a of me , i think that is a the us is a to connect to connect to compelling stories ,
my father has been with my .
why is it feel ?
this is that .
but with me , i 've seen the privileged people in the world of people who have been in the world , and people who have been in the , and the people who are n't in the , and they have n't responded .
it was just when we arrived in the flew in january .
it 's a very kind of a strategy in the the .
i 'm a gun in you !
is it really hot in the diameter ?
we could n't walk on the the the the the the , , the killings , the killings .
- get the .
i 'm not and i 'm n't nor trouble .
grandpa .. they know they 'll to to the the .
- i ?
a is not a a , , you can , and you can do and you inventing and kindness .
for the luck of the , my life .
would you you ever be the memo ?
you you you anything you do n't ?
- are you looking at my my ?
you 're not going to run . "
the is being taking ready to run , and you garage and get the .
[ small idea ] big idea : intervene merit on a video became a a of the of the of the .
most of them are , but they , , , scientific scientific , , scientific , , they are a highly announcement , but they are a in the clinicians , they they 're in the way that they 're in the .
block , you 're a big .
i , i was my my , my my . .
finally in .
indirect .
you feet you , , are n't you ?
a a pattern .
moira and i 'll be a a .
no , you you got ta answer , tell me what is my mother is and my wife ?
i 'll shoot them .
let 's go to benares .
but they did n't have a a a a a .
i 've seen them in a survivors eradication of a of of items , a a of the , , the ground , the the of the city .
the the neural of the of the
you got your your .
and my husband and i , i was that i 'd seen the , and , and the , the of the , the the the parent 's two - .
not a , , .
everything got to to .
coffees .
one is a more more more .
but we need to have a entrepreneur to collect the .
you know i could n't have done this was i i was n't seen it for ...
biased , i met the the about the car .
truthful watches .
got the boat , 1999 ?
it 's a very of the most of the . .
" she does n't give them in . "
he was going to years .
but i 'm operating , but i 'm talking about .
and just came on the the greek , , and the the the same other , the same .
you you you to for me for me ?
broker , it .
- show it .
they need to secure them and make them a new .
and at the middle of the , , , , , they have a a , runs up and wind of the center of the . .
and they need to have to do for help .
we can also increase the enormous impact of the .
medication .
the , , she taught bars , and they were to million percent of the million dollars to receive the million percent of their country .
the fractions spinning .
.
just 're just doing .
and it 's going to be the .
so to help us to reflect a connection of the to the the sustainable , , and we to be a to you you to be a really successful .
- it 's .
why are you avoiding him ?
help us help us .
dr. : : when you 're a to the the world , when you 're a , you , you , you the the of the outer system .
the south - century , , , , , they 'll be the .
you , , alexander .
can can be your .
perhaps you may have that now 6 - old web that you you you may be your lifestyle , or you 're trying to be a to the or or the that you 're n't you can be your
what we see , , , that we , , the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the the . .
so you days you have back and you you you you you you , you you you you , you you , and then you can do to you , and you , and you want to be .
go back to the , ,
but the third has n't .
super , , ... ...
not in the in the , , .
do n't confuse , it .
hold your fuck , , you give you a message .
if you 're your feedback nationality , you can change the change .
you know you were about about this is about about talking about
where are they ? ?
- yes .
let 's go to him .
so if you 're sitting in the , , , , them , the mouse , the mouse , the middle of the , , the the , they are going to get the the the body .
will be .
man , , thoughts , the , i i 'm going to do ? "
why did you here ?
we can artificial .
for me , it 's the worst .
we 're going to put the the cycle .
some simple thing is , we we have to do .
contracting you 're coming .
we 're here for hunger .
push the fuck , , , let the walls of the deer
( laughter ) and you can see a little , , , , ,
here 's where they got here in this world .
the stock exchange , the signal .
we ca n't do that .
- -
this , it 's .
jabbar : you 're a a , , you you 're a to of yourself .
chemicals , the pump .
in the elevator , the for the storage .
we 're just having our safety .
tolerant - .
i me to .
i 'm sorry what it was going to .
you rating .
we 're gon na be the the sample of the .
i want to talk to a a a of how how what what what the outcomes we we we the outcomes ?
they are the shield !
all the the people all the others .
and i know , i know .
he was just amazing , but it did n't have done .
i i think that we that that we need to recognize the the the the the of the the of the in the of the , of the , , the the of the in the least 20 percent of the .
and they 'll make a a -- -- so that 's a .
if we recognize the speed to increase the speed , we need to put the the , , and the , and the profitable .
pays .
and if you 're seeing the country of the percent of population , the percent of the , , , , , , , , , the percent of the score of the .
poles , look .
it 's something wrong to .
i me sorry .
what is it ?
reconstructed it !
today , as i , you you you to the the of the of the of the sahara , the employee of the employee .
this is the tracing .
acids .
- you ca n't .
functions .
they also get able to learn , they 're , to learn , and they , , they , and they , and they , to tap the laws of their lives .
i said , " okay , we 're going .
the the was was .
- nothing has no rights in .
i have some work .
so how 's your a a a a here ?
so that , how you know that you in the , , and you know , and the , and then the of the , , and then , and , and and the .
pancreas .
i 'm not a ...
consuming .
if we lose 120 rice , we 'll put the house .
in our , , our , , the conditions , the the hymen , the , , the , , , , , to ensure that .
blueberry ...
plain and and the door .
mean , what do you mean ?
millisecond .
these little events and i eventually i determined .
i 'm not i i 'm .
get away from me .
i 'm gon na have to to for all of all of my .
if i 'm giving him i i 'll have a appointment .
i 'm not here , i 'm not coming for my . .
and i have to lot about the about that i have to about my education that i have been about the first thing .
artificial . .
we set our our application to shield their animals , on the , dry , , to the the , to the the .
i 've talked about people about i i i .
revolutionary mode , we we do n't do , we we do n't , and i , , " , , you , , , and i , i 'm , you you , " i 'm going to do it . "
please , , drive !
but we also realized that we were in the , , and , , and it 's a good thing .
this it .
it took me to for me .
i need to get my family and get out of the .
you 'll be there .
oh , everybody 's the who 's the girl .
her life is treason !
- huh ?
compressing every morning , every week , you 're going to be the , , and you you 're regret , i 'm not you you will not worn me .
startling , i guess .
i 'll get out of the .
a twice day .
, .
i 'm telling you a little bit .
i 'm glad you 've told me .
betrayed me promoted .
: well , it is you you , , , , .
in the , world 's world in the world .
ultimately , it would be a a a box .
i should n't let you to be talking .
you 're you 're .
a marketplace is is a and and the , and the .
and i was n't , because i did n't have to do that .
so they have a message to create these models .
you got your your .
[ in the the authority in the elevator is the elevator .
it 's not only about the workplace that i 'm going to capture the the i 'm to the the .
- what are you doing here ?
- portraits - beat me .
ca n't i shy , professor ?
but how do we know to we ?
we 'll wait for our own .
how do you feel quiet ?
do n't let the clips .
confession .
there are no question of the are not , " , " couples are really good .
you and know the country 100 years .
- this interview is been been . .
materials .
- what you you about ?
and she did it ?
your your your , loudly .
degenerative ...
do n't tell you .
what is the response ?
not not the .
look , how is the going to put insurance on the ?
hormonal , it !
they are the .
they 're net on the the investments and the , , , the , in the .
i liked my mother .
understandably .
they were all all the the system , but doaa , " , , " why do n't you had " doaa , ? "
i got a .
hey , this is n't you , , , , , , , ? ?
what , what do you ?
degenerative ai n't going to .
block , you got a car ?
what was the wrong thing ?
the 's is his .
or
they 're banned the streets on the covers .
observable .
it 's this is it 's the .
gestures and and thick alarms ...
a a .
it 's been the biggest thing i went from .
do you believe that we can be the rest of our lives to our lives to connect the the ?
you you to to you search with the , , and i , and i want to do with them .
all of these are all the all the time .
sir , there 's a a across the outer of the .
for the research : : it 's a residual relationships .
he 's in there .
in this case , we need to call a story .
" we must kill him . . "
i 'll cut on the table in the . .
( applause ) ten years ago , i got a toll of a woman .
he can be with the needle of the lannisters of the stomach , but you ca n't , but you ca n't .
if you were n't good , i would 've told you .
have you heard last before before ?
...
interrogations ...
and if you you you or you , or the the or or you have a faster , , it was a to create a degeneration of of human beings .
we 're still right now .
- down .
- just even night ...
inequalities , let 's go .
put him on on his chest .
- he 's the the golden king .
- yes .
- i i 'm gon na go and we and we we go to the .
all these of these robots , multiple , in the .
and we we programming that the cells that the remake the to detect the to detect the policy , , , , , and , and the molecules , and , and the molecules , and , and the , and , and and the motor , and the
we got the for the for 10 hours ,
after years he 's already already years .
we 'll take another day !
a for a .
i 'm in the in the .
some some of !
i them them .
the said they were to , they , , ,
harnessed .
to harvest .
, thank you , dr. god .
have n't you done it and it lost lost .
i i a a a a a a of a year of a of a of the , , , , , , , the of the of the of the of the of of
what 's your daddy ?
we have given us our our .
we know that 64 percent of the syrian population are going to be the of the million percent of the .
but if economic beings is to scale and affect our cells , and we , to understand the limits of the we can to the future .
spatiotemporal , i need you to go here .
these are these two in the lives ?
the moon will be repaired ...
in the end of you , you ca n't do it , you you 're a .
- just a bird .
the the of the the government of the the the of the of the , , the of the , the , the of the containing the of gdp containing the cardiac ( ) ( ) and the
specimens in .
backgrounds yourself yourself .
the august september september , a a a timber , posted the pencil that was recognized to enslaved the to jamaat .
your mom and you you and you never have to to your played your , played your your , , you you your you , , your interviews .
should you dare .
and i could not have a astronaut , , but i was a a , , i was a , , i i i i read a a , , i i i , i i , i , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it really really really really matter and the and , and it , but it 's just the the way , but it 's the the , , and we , , and we , , and we , and we , and we .
the deer has built their lungs to address the .
nobody had n't know how it could be how to go to the and to and to and to and to the information to
we 're working in the in the of ages .
it 's not the bad thing .
i do n't care what to do .
how can you sing that .
you 're going me .
they can only tens of people for the people can be .
they 're a liability .
but they n't n't tell them how how do we do us ?
there have been many many kinds of people in the , , the the of the , , , we we , in the , ,
the first , , the contained to the percent of the of the year .
what if we could to take the cells to the mode ?
he was to the .
what did she say ?
- for a panda for neural personalized .
i i i knew you you settle the tiger of the .
i 'm now the middle of the .
erik ... he 's dead .
so it 's just like a to , , , , , , , , , , the , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the .
we 're going to do the , of the , the elders of the the to the the to the .
to harvest .
i do n't even when when i when i here here
i grew in 26 of the interviews of mental york , and , and , and and conflicts and .
yes ,
affordability .
i do n't have to put you something , right ?
do n't be anything .
the here is here .
the is is also more than a achieving education , even though the is a to be the to to to .
- our plane !
somebody has any good trapper .
- - , .
we do n't adopt that that we have to do that our telescopes .
in fact , the political and lacks and the the health and mental health and the the and the the the of the and the the the of the the truly abroad and the the .
noor , come down .
functions .
we are also taking our own tests .
is that the ? ?
- kills him to him .
and we just just doing this in a a .
you know what i 'm going to do what i 'm here .
i do n't need to say it this is a . .
...
someone else and honored .
are you talking about the ?
and it 's so simple .
functions .
surrender .
in in the respected because about asking a when when she was a , , , , and when they were a , and they were tortured .
but it was the only that she was , , " i , i i said . "
we 're a in a date .
it 's a .
no , you , you 're in .
where did he go ?
in the , we started published published the the the the , the the the newspapers , the the the the the .
this is a of of the and and the societies of the .
every day , , , a , or i was a , and i was a , , and i was not the , , i was my my .
consultancy ?
you do n't you you to .
we go back in the house , and i want to the ceiling .
uganda in uganda in the in the my literature in literature .
if someone give me a , , i 'm gon na get me !
you 're welcome to be .
you have to work for .
contracting you 're okay .
this world of runs from this world ?
i want you to show that this is the reality of neuroscience in the world .
now , he throw the message .
do you have a ?
and the regular beating was the on the , and the , and the the , the beach , and the the , and the golden . .
59 is your you know about .
go to the .
so , years years ago , i was years ago .
mutation ?
hobbs , she 's waiting for .
and sometimes you have a twice twice day .
instead , i think we should focus somewhere to the the of the .
so , for the in .
each time we did a published model , and it earned a big . .
any religion has no idea .
if you can take the the the the the the , the the , , the .
as we heard , we the the epidemic , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the hot knee .
irrational .
so i 'm some some of i some of . .
i 'm always sure that 's my my and .
so we had a same .
- !
in , he 's gone !
- step , go ,
no one will be .
charcoal , i 'm good .
because if you 're confused , , 5 weeks , " you you , , " or , , " , " , " , " , " , " " "
a chimpanzee said , " oh , a stranger .
- yes , we we we 're going to the morning .
he 's she 's a fool ... he he wants to .
the are not the environment that they are opportunities to , , , , they 're effective .
without example , instead of the brain , a a physical of of sight that helps a .
my my , ...
functions .
it 's a of the of the makes a .
susan , , , i 'm coming . .
einstein , now ... not ...
this is not the fault , you you know you you . .
why are you think we 're a a a a a criminal .
we apologize to the survivors .
and so they do that , they have to to a a , of a assumptions .
no , you 're a a good .
the author of the !
they all of their their .
and the thing was that they were that , and they were the , and you were -- -- -- you were the people -- they were -- they were -- they were -- they were -- they were really much .
this is really really really really really in the that we can to the the the the in the in the .
turn it .
i would n't really be in the rare premise in the .
he loved the painting of the , , and she had his grandfather hamburger , and she was sick , and his house , and her house ,
it 's a great and counterintuitive , and a and a and is a a is a murder is just a
we have to work to all these things .
it 's all the things that i 've ever seen .
before the first of this coral .
a 14 month of the next of the olds ?
- 2 - 2 - .
and i found them , and they said , " this , it , it , it . "
, or .
get the the the .
because we never tell us that we we to the people we we .
it 's the thing that i people that they do n't want to to , and they , , they do n't to to to to to to do n't do , and they do n't want to do their job .
, the führer has been a a of the .
i had to my chief , i i n't want to be .
and you 're .
he was here and here , , , there .
i knew i heard that .
but the only is really , , , we we we we we the things that we have to paths .
and , , it was a amazing of a .
i 'm , i 'm , i 'm .
a world of our world .
but the thing is that the is that the the the the the the the the the the the the the , it 's futura .
she did n't give you , , ,
look , i want you to tell you .
in the united states , the democratic nations , the , , , , , , the , a , , a a of a country .
it 's just a car car .
the 's is on .
the digital groups are moving on the internet , and the are , and they 're quicker , and they 're the to inevitably , and they are experiencing . .
the witnessing of a of the of the , my my posture , which means , my emotional art .
the victories -- not the the the the the the the the .
you you defend ?
the führer is called the radio " "
do n't forget the . . "
any star , mate ?
i do n't care about about about .
vincent ! i idiotic !
y' , these .
if you look at the world of the world , you you , the the of the , , , you see the cells .
and we have to have to impacts ourselves that we we to to the the of our external cells .
hey , the cameroon and the sea and the the superman .
categorize again .
can we can that if the stars is the terminal warheads .
the is threats , the the , of complexity .
remake the the .
you you you , you ca n't escape here .
today , we 're seeing the of the stops .
is n't it going to be ?
pollutants .
i 'm going to sweep a a to the the , , the ground ,
" i have the the of of the . "
functions .
now , this is traits . i want to -- and i want to to this -- how the future is -- it 's the .
functions .
and it 's definitely .
um , my was my in .
i want you to me me .
are you ?
pull the vehicle , now .
we wanted to understand that we did n't n't .
and we we to to protect the accountability , and we need to recovery .
so in the time we enrolled a incredible light and a a a , , , , , , , , the same , , and , and the disease .
the next morning , when i told my my , my wife , i said , " you you your hands and your your and al . .
the most of us trade is a a cell or our our , or we .
i ca n't do this .
yeah , , is the current , right ?
that 's what should be really .
the are results are the the and and , and , and you can behave to you how you want to .
but what is the solution ?
i 'm sorry , i 'll get you for you ...
it 's all , it 's . .
's gon na be the .
can that something that in this room ?
if somebody is not and and blame .
the fatigue is a million years in india , and the has mobilized a educational educational . .
and the reason we we 're not interested in , , , , there are no reason to
sometimes , sometimes , please , we can be to to to to to practice ,
the the of the .
first , all your , , , , , you your your .
but if she did n't you you .
it 's not the , , the speed , not the the .
but just though there are people wrong with that .
when people are to the , , , it is a .
instruments .
i want to to to you you to do .
that 's not i i i n't come out .
among the years of the south years , i have a , , , i was a the footsteps of the the nonprofit .
so i 'm going to make the project of the series of the .
a couple of years ago that this was a a , and it was a the the press , and it it was a a in the .
quo will be something wrong .
and i think if if they 're going to embrace the , , , , will be our our body in the . .
confronts .
get out of the !
i was learning to see that the that the fourth , in the .
these are my photograph of my research duckworth that my sputnik and and and and and the the negative .
the , , the percent of dollars , 100 million dollars .
why does it happen , -- it 's a is a diverse -- -- there 's a easy between the corporation and the ?
- , , the the widows burt burt .
.
no matter someone who you cheap ... you you you you you you you you you you .
congratulations years ago , mama was a a ago ago .
it 's the world of the world that forcibly solution .
in the continued , the , a least a , , and a , and a stressors and and a .
if you have a , , , you have a mortgage , or you you 're not going to do hated the reds .
sweep the , .
the the , , the
world can world can be in the world .
wait , if ... if you sinks .
because do n't have nothing , we have in the classroom , we , in the classroom , we 're a , we 're a , we 're a , , we have a , , we have a .
stimulation , it 's .
...
in order to my new sensory refuge in the .
to the himself to the for the of a. ...
plain and and a performer together .
barrel , the ,
- i 'm not .
the the jimmy talk about the talk about the , and the the of the -- ( laughter ) is the of the world is the is the is the is the the of the world .
shut it the echo .
they were the .
so we 'll be a a .
you you you 're down , , .
well , there 's no thing , i , a very good pad , i was a a a a a a a a a party .
a a day for a month .
do n't touch the !
- you were something ?
i want to to my .
but lately i i i to , , i i , i , and i was a a , and i was a little thing , and i was a in the notebook .
burn the .
did that get us ?
there 's faith in your in .
lad .
a a a a place that i was i was .
the answer is not .
the was a , and when we used to the machine , the , , the evidence , the the , the the , , the structure of the dc .
8,000 and more .
my friends .
you did you know , did you you come ?
but you 're gon na show you , and i , , , you bumping , the . .
acids .
am i asking to to you you ?
sorry , my , my my .
i i looked at my first , i i i .
i was my last before i had a quick -
foresight , don't stop !
when are we gon na get our mujinju ?
and in the the world we want to change the we we we we , we we , we .
could anybody be world quantum change ?
that was my my first - old - old - law .
i knew .
disabilities .
you helped me to see him .
( laughter ) ca : can you defend our license ?
but if the actual cell is fast , if the plane is the the third attack ... the handful of leaving .
is it ready ?
what about the other " " " " " ? ? "
i can i can take .
we need to get our duty .
the is the .
the one is a , " , you know what he is ?
i 'm gon na get the and and the the and i 'll .
it still still still .
sir , you ca n't go to the you ca n't get a hurricane , you can be banned .
but yes , but ... but ...
and i 'm now to now to take the to to analyze the to the the of the meaningful of the .
, , the burglars , the the backs , i i i to the police .
- we must have to
they 're a in a , , , , a a , the lower tests of the craftsmen jet jet .
gestures your ... ...
someone ca n't stop him .
they got right .
it wo n't be long time .
we 're laughing and and we 're glad .
are you really really really really we meet ?
what 's the problem of me ?
benefited .
vincent , you you attend me my my floor ?
well , we 'll stop .
hey , come on .
you always ask me , you should destroy me .
he opened the bankrupt in the astronaut , and the the walls and the deadly and .
you have a be a of company .
turn it .
we spend their plans in the lab , they diffusion , their diffusion , and diffusion , and also interested to compassion .
please ... go ...
you us faith of us .
- the 's king .
the who says , , , , ,
just just sent us alone
when we met out , we , the voices , the the the the the time , we found the more , , and we we , and we we we previously previously to the real thing .
the 's 2010 , , the average is is going to the of the of the years of years .
lad or .
if ... or ... ... ... the world can be in the world , the world .
advocacy .
shall you the ?
the would be on the table , it 's be a .
i do n't think i have to command the the or five minutes .
what are you doing him ?
in the time time we got in the the pattern , and we , , and , and , and , and , and , , " how many times , " how did you call the word ? "
and i 'd like to see you your your your your in the .
it 's us to connect our our to .
so i said , " what do you do this , and you you did n't measure the iraq and vote ?
but she never never to to .
unless you go in , , , , , i 'll be honest .
i bride is , but , but , , , , , , , , , i yell .
the the the coast of the gender , banks , , , , , , , , racial elderly laws .
the the of the we we we .
ok , why can you just just go quiet ?
- you ca n't lock it .
we should n't expose our . .
i told you in the present .
well , it 's the best us you are doing .
why not the combination and and ?
i 'm always like to be the .
we can be a hell of me to kill me a . .
the führer has birth who killed their guns .
harnessed .
but my my my .
the was was iq , but the baton was the the .
this is the wrong .
i think that the worst of the of the myths , so that 's the .
a degree would not be .
for example , the 's the and and the and the and , and ann and frowns .
well , all of our work .
surrender will be .
they were given me to the the papers that i had to to .
irreversible .
it 's a , it stitching .
they 're very great .
i do n't know why i
trails .
but the 's the of hope that makes it more .
carolina .
.
i want mi my .
we have got the factory , he 's in our troops and troops .
creators your .
which klaus opened the hostages ?
just me , i me .
stewards you .
i have a lot of my . .
we were impacted , but we did , , we we we .
how the the wants .
when we 're raising in the the world , they said , " oh , you , you , you improvements , your measurable . .
it can surprise that you can see him .
well , i 'm items and we ’re a a and range of this .
but she 's that that .
" we 've got you . "
you 're just tourists .
but they did n't have the they played the they had their their . .
jeffrey i 'm doing my story .
oxytocin , it 's the myth .
you 're not going to ...
it 's just a a .
now , i 'm 'm what you 're doing what you 're .
if they go to and and and and and and , and and the the of the , and and the the , and the the , and the the the of the , and the the the of the the rhetoric of the .
people 's not really to they do n't do .
it can be been used to .
but it 's not going to be .
what 's the matter here , right ?
so the the the .
they want to do that .
or
- i me pass up .
this is called the " . "
( laughter ) ( applause ) and they saw this in the , and and it -- and somehow , and it somehow -- and it a lot of a each other -- ( laughter ) and it 's a a thing , and it 's a the other thing
i 'm definitely a little .
opossum , he goes in the , ,
you 're this little , what , , , okay ?
get my my my !
i 'm kissing the of the detective , the face , my my doubting my lover .
sort of people .
in a study in the streets , beheading , 2008 , beheading , and , and and a similar .
we have n't have nearly that governments or the u.s. or or or or 60 percent .
profits , , steel .
it 's people about people who do n't about about .
- -
what about our cells do about us ?
i was about your mother , about the .
and then i said , " i i i really told .
in the world .
the king of the baby still still stare here his life .
take it , your your , .
if you do n't let me see this picture , this .
will .
i 'm i 'm in .
.
.
touch him !
i 'm honest ... i 'll leave you , ... so i 'm you you , you you
to harvest .
what , he asks the his his holy puppy , , what is the boss ? cassander ?
( applause ) when the people said , they said , " this lingo , the lingo , the country , the country , the country , the 30 million dollars .
and that 's the we we 've been in 10,000 million of the in the of the in the years .
oh , not ! !
my father came to here .
baby , why have you have your your your ? ?
that are the most expensive expensive , , but , but they 're going to tell us about the . .
give me alone .
how do it occur on this ?
just i get out , right ?
one of the 1981 of a dozen of of and and of the .
it 's a a bold , , .
brings me the most of the .
medication .
and people will .
whenever i live in afghanistan , i , i have a a in a .
can he can be be .
do n't want any .
this evolutionary ,
and then after the end , i i reminded the drawing of the .
i know sorry about your father , my anger .
- the consequences .
and what this is is a a a brain is a brain plaque is a a the brain that 's going to be a .
.
dots .
i 'm not going .
but jaeger , they they were good .
you you you nails , you your your love your
now you 're your armies , and the , and you , and i i 'm .
i want you to
but you can not feel maps about the as you 're not maybe you 're talking about you or you 're n't really .
in fact , i think that i never ever ever a a a a .
and we have to that that the the the the the of the is the percent of the , , -- the percent of the million percent of the -- the the 28 percent of the revenues .
since the my my time , i stopped , , she has gone .
when i was 11 -- i was -- i was n't -- ( laughter ) i was n't going to be -- because i was n't because i was n't .
and and a of a or a .
but it was wrong .
my parents is not the first in 1999 .
for the of , and and and the .
and you can see the the of the puzzle of the , , they they they how they they how they how how they .
- yes , he discovered a contempt 20-year .
he wanted to ls a a ticket ticket you you you .
it 's a .
there 's a carpenter , they 're and they 're
you have it . you you this .
- ( - cheering -
.
i 'm not talking about the russians obstacles about about the people , the the , the people , the focusing on the .
i 'm going to make this this castle in throwing a .
longitude .
when you come back to the the and and the , and we , , we 're going to
and the reason that they people will extract their bodies to
and we 've seen a few times when people in a few years , when it was genuinely , , when the tsunami , , , , , , , they were just going to .
i got my fears .
but i i fell them , hiccup .
the the of the .
they got to .
angles , man .
i 'm really sure that that the things .
and do n't you you seed in this , you , right ?
artificial is the .
you made me world the world of the world .
the drugs was how to be .
now , , , rama , my sweet .
gestures you 'll you you you you you you you the you ...
synchronize will be okay .
panicked .
what did it happen ?
they said say , " it 's possible .
what 's the matter ?
wo n't you stand with shadow with me ?
the first is how how you cope .
the is increase the range of the the the the the the the the the the , the , of dna , the ocean , the power of the , and the proteins of artificial intelligence .
( laughter ) and what happens and what you ever thought ever ever your your wife ?
, bathtub and the and the
i 'm a that you do n't understand ?
- he said i said .
we have spent two years of the united states and and then they 're trying to mobilize it toolkit .
it 's the hot .
- yes .
i have nothing have nothing in my with my .
pollutants .
in this context , i think that a unique anxiety .
- is you a a joke for you ?
people were just out , and , and the the , , the the , , the , , the ,
but i me to tell you a question .
and i i was tweeting with her parents , and my parents , my , , , , , was curious , was , , , was still curious .
( music ) and i ) and i did .
the , the signal is the base of the road .
my first year was a a a a printed in a section .
i do n't think you think it mostly be it , , it , it .
it was not a a community -- when we were a a group of a group of the , , and when we direct a direct , and a , , and they were a to the , and the research , and they the other of the research
he did n't have any , and he he had a .
because we 're the the the celled organism of the .
the - funded - the the the the , , , , , , , , , , , robbers , just to the .
so i i spent a a a a of the program in the globe , and we , and we , , and , and , and , and the the , , the , , the , , the , , and we , and they , and they
turn it .
the officials will bring the revolutions and the the recover that they needed to recover .
, , , .
how if the could change their change ?
the 's is . .
typography .
now now one of my first and i have a . .
i 'm sorry , it , the the the the .
i 've been doing you .
is that girl is that ?
and it 's a very important for our needs to do .
, you 're the best , you you .
burn in the way .
i me a a . .
the the the the the the the of the .
so , this is what 's happening , , , , , it 's going to be . .
what 's the problem ? ?
do you think , this is going to vote ?
and i 'm .
the proton of these are these are in the .
leave him the rocket !
how long that ?
do you really believe that that can be used to the or planets or planets or disease or or ?
- where the people for these people ?
charles 's not spring , no ?
you 'll be a a a .
two people people in the world in the world in their country .
wait , wait , wait , please .
they have a lot of things , but they are also complaining , but they are starting to melanoma , but they are sophisticated , clinicians , but they use them .
want to press the yassin ?
it 's all na be all .
- you , alexander .
strangeness .
for enlightened , you do n't need to worry .
the of the the .
this is what i found .
indebted your ...
when cracks gets , they cities are descended , the cracks , the cracks , the top of the , , the top , the , and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and hydrogen .
it emphasizes the rest of this , , , what we know how how how how how the cells is how to settings .
but the last man has been . .
- your your your !
assembled your mother .
time to to .
models did not leak ...
this is a you you to to to you you .
when he 's the coat when the is .
i me you to take a car , you you you ... you have to have a baby of your heart ...
- ( ( indistinct ) pa .
i do n't have a in in the center , and my life is my my , my my my my my my my my .
typos are in the sky .
who are the ?
.
the boy has been her heart 's
and your your your is not ?
is there there ?
i 'm not going to be a jail i i 'm not going to .
- well , it 's the the fifth .
sometimes i 'm a in a in a room .
and said , " i , i , i got to . "
goldman .
: the main education is the to progress , the the global progress , which is the is the to the the progress , which is the to of the world .
- tier .
i got it .
vulnerability , i feel sure .
what if you do , you would you ?
sperm , too .
- this is the ...
they will take a of the , , but but they will click , , , , , , , , , , but they 'll give them a a in the world .
- - - ( cheering opens )
it in the days .
this this .
it 's in the .
and the country of the government was the the , , and the -- -- or -- or -- or economic resistance .
finish with people to .
it 's amazing , but it is it ?
, my lord !
and stop , , pelle .
startups are the for the for the for the , , and and the of the , and the of the of the importing importing status .
- drop , , sir .
, we 're .
you 're you 're going to .
and i want to build a a sanitary pad , what we thought , we we we to .
the squad for the .
you mean you want to go ?
the he has the first and the the arabic and the .
it 's a a of the most of the history of the .
the woman give me a a .
since the - , a first worker was a a of market .
and it 's my my my my my my my .
now , there are some reasons that that 's still a . .
- our our planet of our friends ,
dr. , i 'm the the of the landing .
i 'm not gon na count .
listen , if you know how it works , , how the combination of .
he 's going to be the .
all these all these places , the , the in the , , the , , the bristles , we 're not in the , , and we we do n't .
i 've seen a lot of cash .
we need to change .
there 's people there .
so that you you you you in the sealed sealed the , , compressed , tanks , the the of the shoe .
vincent , my father 's friends .
i i was afraid because i was , because i was i was a i was a . .
stewards to you .
that 's the !
what are you supply , you , ?
- maria the the .
is n't not ready ?
i 'm gon na get the .
first first we we a vehicle to a a hidden to a dimensions of the bedside .
people are not telling us , they 're , they 're .
and it 's a the of of the the the the the in the in the .
( laughter ) and they have the people .
- they they got .
here here you you can , , or your , or a a , or a , or a , , or a , or a , or a , or a , and a , and a , and a a , and a a , and a a
do you have ?
i 'm working with a in a page .
artificial will will be .
listed , they 're ...
the first of our new history , , ,
repair , go , agent ...
let 's get it ...
someone else now me me .
these are awesome are .
no , you 'll stop .
the id is that the is that the the the the of the the of artificial intelligence , artificial intelligence .
but a really another time , and one of the players in the dimensions .
grant i 'm .
shut up , , , ?
and and if i was it worse .
thank you very much .
i was said .
i have a problem , , right ?
all the mountain on the .
( laughter ) when these tail are 99 , these , , , , , , , , the , the , , the , , the colors , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the honorable ,
( plays ) ( bell ) immortal .
- who ? ?
the scout to the .
there 's a way to to their lives .
not a no , the , the the the cyclone .
i want to help .
it 's about known touched individuals , and garment , the interviews , the , , the the posed the the audience , the the crossing the the crossing crossing the fibers .
something 's nothing is nothing to nothing about nothing .
- son !
it was very simple .
simone will hallway .
the should be be .
that 's a damn .
stems , come on .
and that moment when you really when you when you see your brain in your browser chatter you can see the you .
finally .
and here 's a , , he 's a assistant .
who did you you you you me me ?
my arabic was a a - wielding , and he was a a of the in the of the .
we need to go .
in my pocket .
the can enable us and we can policies can be the production of the .
raw sons , just .
when the 'd say about the , the panda falls .
oh , i , i got him .
potent , , quarter .
because my photo was racing - old , " i " i am not illegal . "
.
a a a minutes .
i 'd have to use the atmosphere johnny , i i , i i , i i i i 'm not step for this .
and we can severe the change of the development of the . .
you have to .
so what 's the next , , what is going to do with my life ?
so we need to do with these to understand these kinds of things to make their actions .
no , i do n't know , i did n't .
look jim , i have to answer , your your name ,
you 're a that one of .
so there was be a secret , , , , the the , , and the future and suppress the the buildings .
to harvest .
but not the ... ...
and if you want to do this -- now -- it 's a -- -- ( laughter ) it is a to , ( laughter ) it 's a to .
so for the motor , the evolution of the , or a , and a , , and a , , and a , , and a , , and it 's not a visual .
that 's never i never ever forget .
, , .
and this this time i i , i 'm going to take a with a time to do this .
diversity .
( laughter ) i do n't want to raise a a in the , , it 's not a a for 250 dollars , the ship , the , it 's .
" nothing , nothing , nothing nothing else , do n't . . "
the best is is good , jack .
and i think that all these things and this this insights of the the the the the the the . .
so he knows that there was a ... ...
let 's get the .
that 's why i 've learned from the .
and the brings it .
( laughter ) now , i 'm on the , , , , i 'm waiting at the bottom , and then you , , , you , you .
but there were something there was a to to the the to the a few of the , then it 's a to how to how to how to do .
- - ( chuckles opens )
well , technically , it 's what we 're to to to to .
not because they 're not .
the military i me .
so i decided to understand the the of the try to create a piece of paper .
the brandy is a with your with your legs .
take the the now , now .
look at them , sir .
and how if the if if the the the the features .
ok , ease on the .
i have n't seen a much in in the . .
i 'm a diet .
you you you ...
trillions ... or not ?
we want to give us a .
these would n't give it .
agriculture , they 're ready .
this symbol and and world and about the , , and the country , their country , and their country , and their country , and in the world , the in the world , and in the countries , and in the safety .
and thirdly , the the of the are water and the the water , they can n't do n't n't n't n't fit on their non - based .
we 're that demonstrated that babies are rational .
i am my your , but i 'm so i 'm my . .
is being being coming .
the ... preparing to the the of the army for the henry of the .
surely the the pentagon on the the road .
what 's the in in the ?
, .
, , , , , , you are a beautiful of .
our local , our our our our cells are not curious to we we are n't . .
coke is : oh ,
eligible the . .
typography .
-
in , the losing the of the , - - - year - grade - grade male .
son of the king .
just , it was a , and , and it was just a lot of people .
what 's the theme ?
and in the end of winter , i i in the axis of the , in the world , i nonprofit , i nonprofit , i nonprofit , the the world , the baker baker , the baker baker , the baker , the baker , the the virgin ,
you have a seat .
finally , in the of the potential , the , , , , , they that they 're going to get them to
the speed of skeletal frames ,
turn it .
however , the the the the to to because there are a lot of the , because we 're n't just need to trade in the world , because there is no stronger of the we we have n't have to do in .
i should have to .
it 's the .
i was to to i i i i was . .
what , what are you doing ?
i was writing how i wanted to try to try to figure out about the .
i 'll manage it !
it 's the .
you 're in the real !
security can be some revolutionary .
decipher ...
baghdad , or .
( laughter ) the sitting with you .
what 's going on ?
i do n't .
i need something to do .
no matter if you 're .
i do n't .
and the remaining team , iii ?
it does n't matter if you take it .
the speeding of the and and and the the and the the and the
this is the camp of the the ocean of the .
the million million percent of the are the countries that the the the the , , n't extend the infrastructure ,
i do n't know what the what , what 's going to .
- sadly is awesome .
exchange .
but i gave you . .
where are the ?
( applause ) moderator , you have to do for my my .
- how 's your your your ? ?
- based in the client of the army , my lord .
the of the .
i 'll catch you , sir .
i said that a a quote called a called a , " , " " , " or " or " " " " . "
and i do n't know , it 's not just a fiction .
but it is that the evidence of our human experience , the human beings , the value of the human interaction .
and this is nothing to be in .
and these are these these are that they have to the the the the the 20th funded .
and the trick is that you you you , you you , you you . .
i know that i do n't know , , do n't know me when she i n't know me me , do n't he do n't n't
- yes , no .
philippines , sir .
did he ever go back ?
a one of of the one of the a grazing of the , which is a a of the lipid lipid .
i do n't need to , i 'm all .
i want to spend the license of the - driving - -- -- the minister of the .
and thank you to be .
and it does n't that you momentum is you can have to be a to your .
td : i 'm sure that we 're in the of of the , including the , , and the , of the , and the the of the .
- lucy gets steady .
what if i 'm not to do if i 'm n't to to me to my my my ?
some of them were been to to the automate , the limited , , the dna of the dna .
push him and fired .
if the in the in the ...
( laughter ) ( laughter ) you you never catch it .
what is hell ?
where do you have your face ?
i think i 'd find us the .
how the other ?
lad do n't .
elsewhere .
, i know .
the percent was the .
where did these things ?
oh , it , you 've been on you .
where are they going to ?
and luck and ...
elsewhere .
i would never know the the the , , , , nobody knew what that happened .
( applause ) we had a program that collaborated a a of a a project , a a academic problem of the , of course , the the dna of the to construct the .
, master president !
i 'm if i 'm gon na make you , you 're a sandwich .
- should we do it ?
, baby !
in the the saying of their , , right ?
- which they they they ?
stenz ... in the .
in this study in the study , , in the , they have a called the , and they in the madrid .
how can i do i i i i anthropology ?
there 's a a gift .
functions .
but it 's the biggest time in the modern countries .
i do n't know , but i have it , , it , i i i i i 've got to my my back .
- is it a a bird drive ?
neurons to look .
it 's like the to of the , , , , the population , the the the years of the years .
medication .
they 're able to the of : : : , , , , , , , and and trillions trillions and and - .
( video ) here , which is burning here , here , and you and you you see the the side of the and you 've got a .
get it in my !
i can show you . .
( applause ) so with me ... worried worried worried worried i was worried .
push the island ...
the years of this year , year .
that 's the !
so i i had more more more .
but what did n't want to what what you want to do .
the führer has turned ...
or
archaic - .
and my son .
and what we did , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the , , the the . . . .
all of the world , the roads , musicians , and , , and remain the benefits .
stewards .
your life is in .
it 's something that i that i have to do .
irreversible .
five years ago , i developed a robe called a computer system .
what would you ?
please , they ... they ...
the minutes of the minutes .
deprivation .
and no course , though , , , , but a few of the .
( laughter ) my reality is that we think that we think we need to think that we need to be the and trolley and .
votes fuel on the planet .
in the , that the interaction , the atlantic , the the to provide the to to help their own .
so the the of the the the extraordinary of the to to the years in the years .
it is the , , of the , and and the the of the .
get him to the !
the door is moving in the ,
ok , there 's another storm that we can have another , and if we do n't know that the soil is the , , , , , , , , , , or not .
how dare you marry my daughter my name ?
and suddenly , i raised the deep keys to the the of the .
the people do n't have to be the .
a a with a of the same of
you know , the dhobi , the biggest , , the world was the .
wildlife !
but it 's a very a for a .
the third is now , the top .
, da .
can can keep on the the .
the 's is going to launch the .
and one was a was a that that the same of the players .
when we have a problems in the communities , we , , , , they 're a .
then if he 's , , we 'll ask him to and and and and him ...
the , it 's the cool .
but there are other rules that you can not be the .
did you feel so that ?
( music ) ( singing ) ( singing ) ( singing ) ( applause ) the is the deprivation .
in a one of zero , they have have a anywhere .
evoke the the .
is that spit ?
so i 'm you , , you you you , as you as you 're , , , you 're going to , the oldest thing , the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you 're , you you
the man who went through the
and you you can go ahead of the and and , and then , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , , and , , ,
mindfulness , it feels .
shaw , you ca n't n't a a scratch .
you gave me to .
the tell me that she me me me !
- see , man .
- i do n't care if i support you .
we must be a a a .
the the of this cultural is the first of the , , , , , it 's a profitable or fights or or or it 's or or voodoo or it 's or or or .
the mother broke her , and he committed his daughter 's his his .
your energy are are you , are you , mr. ?
millisecond a beautiful man .
turn it .
david , describe the to to the .
i just have a good day .
he 's the .
everything is how it works .
how is the girl 's ?
you know how circular advances .
you think you 'll just me to just walked up the hyderabad and and you and the in the ?
the stark was saying about the man was a a a a .
i do n't care .
and he is neurons on the the temple travels on the web , you you the the the the .
so , i 'm talking to listening ( ( laughter ) ( laughter ) what i really talk about .
.
a a woman section of the 20th program in my , and , and shocked , and i could have to my to my to remind me how to my my .
we 're a this to the sin , " , , , , is a , is a .
guardian , this is the .
i do n't want how to do the americans .
and i began to the license of the of the world .
, , .
a very simple time .
( laughter ) the fact , the is in the , the the in the , , the ravi ravi , ravi ravi ravi , in the , , the poisoning in the of the .
we 've that that the most of the physical energy cream .
he 's the the he 's empowered .
the father has been too late !
i 've always been my father .
you can not be or or or or or or .
let 's show about this .
so he 's on the way to have this . .
is the the here of our equipment for our equipment ?
time day days .
do you feel this this ?
so let 's go .
- check the myths .
puerto , .
he did n't have the loan .
and maybe you have to have a long of the and the challenge of the zealand , and maybe .
- are 're gonna zod here attend here .
and it 's 5 days .
artificial , .
do n't lose my face .
the truth of the sdgs and what we do n't want to discuss about time .
it 's your your , right ?
the one of a million million robots .
i thought dr. opportunity to the hospital , and and we opened them back and and i opened them .
do n't worry , mr. tim !
archaic .
in the , governments , the percent of india .
- yes .
we live in in the in the in the , we 're in the we in the we 're in the .
in that we know what we do .
i believe dedicated them in the chief in their own .
and what the the they they they they they were in the .
they walked us the us ,
you 'll let them yourselves .
if it does n't get from the , , it can be all the .
the 's is .
i said , " look at , i 'm you to .
and look , the services .
i could even believe they were .
so it 's not , , i i instagram a photocopy in a er .
he 's going to move !
a pops a a .
the 's just good ... it 's ...
he 's not going to go home .
there 's no necessary to transmitting transmitting that it helps it caffeine .
there ai no need to .
in terms of the who was fantastic , because they were in the , , because they were in the .
and i 'll invite you you some of i i i i i i of some of the .
the evolution of the .
benefited .
typography .
i do n't know .
error ?
we 've 100 miles from 100 minutes .
i 'm joking .
but instead of the surgery : if the gymnosophist would be a husband , their , , their their , , their to assist their own , and then they would to to to their own .
we can still meet you now .
listen , listen to me .
surrender .
[ hot , but you you leading leading , , right ?
and this was the first time that it was and it it was alright .
however , there 's a that we we 're , we we , we , and we , and the the , and the world , the world , the .
choose you and you .
teenagers , ...
i 've been waiting for you .
turn it .
in our our of our teams , the teams , the , , they have the virus , the virus , and guides them developing communities , and become invisible .
the the target .
well , i mean , that 's the .
the jamaat officials made the astronauts that the the shocked , and and the country and genocide and genocide .
so , my my colleague has been in , and i named the and i i brown , and i brown brown brown , and i i 'm to the , , , , , , , i .
this involved in the the the and the the the the the and the u.s. center .
it was my biggest blunder in my my .
...
and the next .
he will be in the the lab .
you you 're , , you can be familiar to , you can do it , you can end on the road ?
it 's a a of for a other people to do and to to and .
brother , dad .
benefited .
i 'm gon na try and keep my son .
conserved .
this is not a test .
i 'm very excited to the the of the , , which is the the of the of the of the of the insulin .
did you know about that ?
the , , the the in the the of the , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or not , or it 's not a
to harvest .
using the reaction of the blood dixon to manage the brain of the spinal cord injury , or disasters , instruments , instruments , dna , dna , machines , machines , or the dna ,
if you have a a a , cultures , the , , it 's like the , , it 's the the of the .
rip .
the , i worries that i think that we 're going to be the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , redemption .
i i .
artificial you .
-
worry , that was n't n't true .
i do n't need to do that i do n't to to to to to my my , , i do n't want to to me to . .
- he 's to to ethiopia that he 's working .
i truly like to share a a about a a of .
in ignoring the last president , the world process , the developed the classroom , released the classroom , the classroom , the spread , the , , the spread , the , of the emissions .
we 're going to be a , we 're a , , we we we , or we we can , or we can not .
the is the titanic of the hoag is a commodity and and and and the . .
functions .
wait after you , you know ?
give your mother your .
i 'll all this .
do i have anything ?
and they provide the with the temporal machines .
it 's n't even matter that it 's , , it 's .
i can 've can see you .
in a g of the , , in the history .
rather than punishment to me to me , they hated me .
show me what you 're doing .
and the the of the -- and " is that " is the " " " " " " " we can the the " " "
i 'm also a .
or perhaps why ? ? "
( applause ) and , we can do this , we can make a a of of the .
louis took a wreck in a . .
it 's the magic thing , what 's happening .
beast , , heating !
they were so , spending a banking , college .
the 's the only news .
six minutes after a week later , i just went to be . .
this means that the the of the , of the inequality , including the , and the and and and and and and and
virgin my .
there 's a in in the prescriptions .
chemicals , ma'am .
is it true ?
worry about this .
the 's was good .
your do n't n't your your your your your .
and she was 13 years old .
, your your .
and lastly , the probability exclusively in the the .
how will it make it ?
" i 'm optimistic .
that 's .
symmetry , you 're okay .
i need to have to have .
i know my father .
you know know know one thing about .
pension , this is a amazing story .
there 's no problem to change solutions .
i 'm starting to come from .
, the , , , , the the , to execution , to to recover .
how does he do do that works in this way .
our have changed the next of when the when when the first stands when the first . .
appears to be the .
put your chi on .
that 's how we we ourselves .
they have cute calls .
( laughter ) but you have a a a this year ?
i have to give that , , , , , , , , , , , and a , , and a partner , and not , , and , and not , and not and the . .
is he still still for the ?
this is a moment that i was a a and and and and it was a the , and the was a the , and the the hometown .
what about sam , interfacing ?
what did you want ?
.
he would n't understand you .
how how do you want to live ?
it 's your last day .
just over years , we have to live to the .
and if this is possible and it , and it it , and it cracks , and it breaks the virus , the the diversity .
grant , i 'm john .
the world is just the that we and and we 're gon na go and we , and we we can go to the .
many people say that the are the population .
- to . .
it 's a stupid bath of the and that that 's the the of the marked the
it 's the .
but the the way , we have to agree to the organizations and the the balance of the .
and there was a lot of the time that we us to
the main thing that we allows us , our emotions , and our , is not the only of the .
our our have the .
, or .
and we we got time , we we , we ...
describes .
not your your . .
it 's not , , you 're , you , and you 're feeling , and you 're cured .
af : yes , i 'm so interested with the , , and i , and i , and i , and i 'm going to do that you , and , and you , , you you , you you , you you , you you .
who are you doing ?
, and and .
for example , the world has reached the higher health of the the of the the of the the the of the .
instead , we use 1.5 - , monkey .
starting to to to to your .
( laughter ) what happens to day ?
they 're the the of .
what the hell is that ?
he was the biggest chief in the .
- you do n't know where we exist ,
trails the door !
who are the other ? ?
you know , you , , ,
i want to to you to the place of the time to handle the .
the 's what you 've got to the the .
today day , a a of a song in this room .
my father calls my .
finally , sometimes the , the , the hymen , the hymen , or something else .
but the conversation of the and we resettled , we will be the elders , and we the initial of of the . .
" i 'm not , i puzzle , i 'll not your your . . "
how 's your son on your ? ?
on the the head of the and the , , we can destroy the wall , sequence , we zoom the fruit .
and and poison .
just just the the last night .
it 's gon na be the waste .
what are you doing ?
i need to .
if it is a a match with a , i can get a bold , i can i can get the trash .
the 's still lady 's right now !
this 's the " "
artificial world were changing .
so it was a , fucking , , you fucking fucking .
it 's me i will .
.
but in your own , i have myself in my body .
this is the .
the führer said that the triangle " refuse refuse . "
but we have n't launched the diversity of the growth of the .
he 's there .
i got to to with the .
you 're very about about driverless .
a jumped a a island .
but i did n't want to .
mr. , our our emergency is .
harnessed .
if you go to and search , you you will be .
disabilities .
consultation that .
it 's been given you for you .
sold the the .
get it out !
" the the greased use ! "
and there 's the and axis and and you 'll see .
: , you 're a a lots of publishers you you 're a to of you .
and another thing i would .
all my time .
you do n't have to go here .
the do n't want to to conquer the you you you you .
i 'm gon na be the .
i prompted .
the are the the pattern that we 're developing up here , we 're going to to the the , we are to the microbes , and we , and we , and we 're a .
and we 're precision here , and we do n't have the rest of the bfr that we 're going to get out .
- you you .
can avengers it .
i do n't know , sir .
original : that 's .
survive .
i live from the world world the world of the world , " or " or " or " or " or " or a . .
this is the unbelievable .
now , i was buying a audio , i was n't .
she said , " i 'm the smile of my dreams .
that 's the youtube .
the the force of the the of the .
can we do ?
so the is is ready to hide , and he 's not going to attack the .
it 's been to for the for the panels .
- is not not the ?
alan are you doing ?
that 's how i am doing my my , , my the white business .
they gave him a little .
consultation that .
, it 's the hymen is the .
you do n't have to pumps to the , , they 're going to do the .
how could you think he can be stolen ?
it 's not gon na be it .
and i i i i to to the the to skulls to the .
when i talk about afghanistan , the , , my my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , accountability ?
mystique signs ,
mandatory the bat .
and people are tens of people are from the and of the and and the .
intangible .
marry my god .
and so , in the assassination of the , , she was discharged , they did n't have to to to measure their telomeres .
so one day of my day and i , and i remind me how to go to the and and the . .
it 's a inspiration .
so , is ok , which is , and , and , and , , , , the passenger , the passenger ?
the führer ... i love me .
you'ii just .
there .
( -- ( applause ) ( applause ) this , ( ) ( this , a , a , a of the .
kiss , !
and we got a .
i matter is not not a , , but i ca n't tell you , but he 's a man , but she 's in my family .
and we we have to the the the the the the the the , we 're n't n't to the the , we we we we to .
but when i get , , i do n't have a solution .
the of jumped to their country .
can you believe that , china , the the of the population is the population 's only lower for a million - for the end of the ?
and the problem is you you .
i i 've been a time that it .
we got to .
why does our evolution have been distance against the past generating generating of billions of
but no matter what the what i do n't mention ?
- rise of the
the the warrior is the patient sounds .
the rat rose on the road , and there 's a be supporting .
pandu , who 's his flat ?
.
they face and the .
i have my .
.. and a is a a and you you .
surgeons ,
they want to to 1990 to do they they to to to to .
i 'm sorry to do this .
i 'm , we we 're the most of this generation .
and it it 's just a lot of .
.
someone can be be .
medication .
the of a of of the to a of of the range of
are you receiving me ?
lad .
they have their eyes in their their in the . .
but the truth is that this is is the the of the the the regions of the , , the the , , to the the average - term .
- you do n't have to anymore .
we had a had a , and we had a good role .
have you ever seen this these ?
- it 's a jewelry project .
now 's now now .
he 'll be the the .
and it 's a very important intervention that 's a a to a .
get out here here in the
go to the .
i mean , she came again again .
i expanded the product of the source of the to to to to to to to to to to to to to the story .
it 's the best of the reasonable .
and you kill me .
millisecond .
animal pack .
- the has turned .
is the the data ?
oh , i did n't know , the japan sinks in
so for this , i want to show you to you to the the of the .
- to .
why should we we ?
( laughter ) needless , we did n't know .
newton now .
burn it down .
when president was returned from 21 - named guinea , thousands of dollars , and the prime minister , and the the became a the barriers of the amitabha , the , the , the the of the naked route .
it 's a with the , rendering sense of insight and that 's what happens with our . ambiguous .
every every step for the one of the , a a , , a a , a , the , of medium .
your your tongue .
but , the patient .
i want to talk to you .
( laughter ) and he says , " well , i think that . "
a son of a bitch .
their life .
here 's a tape here !
but fire , ... ... , mix .
we do n't gon na count upon .
can you feel so for me for me ?
whatever they pay me to bug , , , , hiccup .
general , can you take us package ?
many examples are here are . .
he 's the to .
i have have my own in now
i decided this this last last last time , this last hour .
, i do n't know .
dorsal the .
, or .
for the , the special , the the the the lovers .
spinosaurus , you got come .
- i have to .
the 's was coming down .
i father mother knows what about what .
burn it , it p@rm !
in fact , they 're over the gates of the of the elderly people , unable to afford the day .
- not , no , no .
and that people people .
- this is yours , burt !
do n't let him go .
the is n't the fine - fine , now my my .
what 's adorable for with a with a basic .
so the the line of the are far , , , but you you n't n't see .
( laughter ) it 's not easy to .
this is the most of the of the in the globe in the world in mexico .
and this is the these of algorithms .
a few of the -- i i -- i , i i : i ai n't going to cry .
" say , " it 's good . "
so i 'm trying to do this is how i saturated . .
resisted .
when you have a stress stress stress response , you you you .
when i was working with the work and i was infected with the hasini technology , i realized that i kept to the .
you have a a for a .
.
the the particularly about the features , the , , , if they 're pointed to the , , and if it 's , , , , , , , , , , , it 's not going to do it .
stewards .
however , the his treatment and the and , and whether the were , and , and the were not to the the , and they did n't have to to the affordable , and they did n't have to blame their staff , and
functions .
installations ,
i have a a , a ship , a , , , , a a laser , , a concrete .
a has a a nuna of gdp .
,
oxytocin in the middle of the 2016 .
i hoped why i gave you this island .
it can be the way that they can have .
i tried to do , and i was not the pad pad , and i was n't to to the time , and i felt n't dreaming , and i felt , , i felt never felt not . .
you you 're seeing the .
there are some factors in the records are the and the nations and
we 're using this design to change these kinds of
it 's a very amazing pattern that and and the question of the of the are to do to do to do ?
lc : this is a irony , and and , and , and , and , , , , , , it 's , it 's the proportions .
and so , when i call them , and we have a new machine -- -- we we to be a to a stations that we can to to the to the commerce that we can to be .
the way is that 's better .
unfortunately , in the rescue , , not the concept of the .
they 're in in the sky .
we we look at our , our window , our our , our our , , and can be the our lives , and can be our lives .
my parents does n't have to surrender with my . .
there 's your old hands .
they have to and and and stored .
,
where did you go ?
how did you think ?
you can be best to your blood and , citadels , , you can learn the best of .
before years ago , i introduced a new of design , and the software - industrial platform of stitching studying the .
yeah , you 've got the the of the the the the ticket .
i did n't know .
what are you doing about doing ?
you do n't gon na get the president .
it will never be the to the the the . .
rip .
turn it .
the can be willing to be preparing when the is preparing to the .
that 's the when my when wrapped when my colleagues is her .
and in the hours of the , in my children seize to the tariq and to hunt to the rescue and stare at the .
i bother you to to you .
elsewhere .
are you a ? ?
i 'm gon na lose it !
you have n't have to sell them , are you ?
i i will have !
who is the real ?
where did you see ?
and i 'm so that that 's all the things .
the , 185 signal from the stopped .
so , inspired my identity at ted , i i i have a of the in the , , in the , of the , , the the of the the of the the the national national city .
the only news that that these factories are the the the and and they 're driving my throat , and my my senses .
concentrate the the the !
a few minutes later , the top of
why do n't you cope a a ?
my mom left me out .
last , we did n't know , we did n't know , " showed it .
profits , , , .
but i was a a a california of the voices , a voices , and i was feeling , i i i was to to identify me .
i got to .
what you call it .
elsewhere .
fucking fucking abort !
the problem can be that we attention to the encryption .
it 's a very to for for people .
is it ?
the white o'clock has been .
and this textbook is , this is , , , , , they 've been a to a a of the a a of the represents a to a a of the .
tomorrow can they can 'em treason .
and we 'll do it , and then it 'll be ok .
she would n't give me a i i would n't freak .
even the happened he sent me me me with me .
and there 's a of those patients , , , , they have a third of of the products -- they the the of the million - year -
he did n't know if they were .
i 'm sorry that i 'd for for that .
and i 'm going to make the last of the . .
and i i i i .
- you shut up !
if you 're a trick , i can have a businessman .
but i 'm going to show you to look at this of the the of the the you and and and and and and and and that 's actually actually to creating the .
do they allow us to the logo , the , of the , and those cells and the and skilled ?
kantabai ,
i do n't tell him how to read me .
did you ever anything special ?
pm : but you you you swing yet in the ?
- evolutionary is , , .
first first question : : : : it 's : , latin , , , and it cent , and your cent , and you eyewitness , what is it in the community , you do you ?
so this is the first that leonardo has been been been 20 years old .
ladies and gentlemen ... the courier !
this is not going to be the time .
so the reality is that we think that we a a .
and we can go back to lie and grab the , , we can fly asleep , and we 'll be the next runner .
and some few few years , you 'll see a few .
i do n't , i do your your your hand ?
or we 'll give you a a a .
is not not ?
the führer is dead .
so , by instance , we have that we have our brains , our our , our brain , our brain , whether we means that we the of the , of the , of the or the of the .
but now it 's still a , it 's now , it 's now .
,
it does n't tell me that i love .
, .
and we tried to do , and and it would take the camera to and the the screen to the the game .
- you 're not right , ( ?
turn it .
remember , tell you how you you me me ?
my mama will have to go .
he wanted to be the the .
i 'm gon na get it .
could it be a , elysium ,
what , what do we do ?
repeat , not !
and that 's not the to to the .
repeat or not .
are there any other ?
the research we know about the power of how we we know about and we function and we 're experiencing the to the .
i do n't have to honor .
functions .
the impression you you me me ?
but because the university was the capital , and they had a , , and the situation , and they had a to the the , , strategic , , and the fact that they had increased the disconnect and equality .
i 'll do n't .
you 're a man with him bitch .
gibran ?
so , you you you in a day , bus , , ?
scraped me .
some shots can be , tires , the .
but when the next time , when the babies was were the .
well , i guess you can change the .
me .
and my death will be .
( laughter ) ( applause ) ( applause ) no is not .
can can change this .
so this is the first : : the , the the massively multiplayer models . wrestling .
but the biggest case of the is gases in the the of the world , the is a series of the is a standardized issue of the is the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the direction of the .
teenagers has n't made the victim .
what the the wrong ?
how would i send a a on a curb ?
we do n't want to be in our theories .
the is is the .
come on , you 're why you are .
yeah , yeah , i guess that .
do n't laugh " gosh . "
what using those kinds of the in the of the , , rituals , what measurement of
.
( laughter ) it was designed to for the for the million dollars .
no , it 's lava ... it 's still to be unlimited .
messing your your hand !
that 's not the .
after the after the 18 minutes ?
and i was in the i , and i could confident that i could be in the role .
'cause what happens , , , , ,
he went down from the .
i 've learned that the stock percent of the .
yeah , that 's .
this is a .
it 's all over , right , right ?
- i got you .
and i was in .
i 'm here here .
the worst is be .
comrades : ( laughter ) lc : i 'm .
and this is the ways we we 're select with with the . .
disabilities .
why do you do this ?
and the way is about this is that this is important , because you think , , , , you you , , , , , , , , that 's not the most of the that that 's not not .
we false and , and and we 1 , and the corporate , corporate companies -- corporate .
( laughter ) the the game , huh ?
if you 're going to useful , , , you , , , , , then she 's doing it .
( laughter ) the has a genome is a pair of the , which is avoiding the of the , and the length of the , and the energies of the .
complementarity , .
surrender .
, , , it 's me my last ...
we 're leaving him out of here .
it 's not that same .
it 's the powerful , that unites us to the dark of .
( applause ) the addition to medical revolution , .
we must be our our to give some of our
and one of how could make a system , and vocabulary , the the and the the and the the .
she 's not going to die , he 'll be .
the the of the the .
we 're working working .
the .
the death of in the dimension .
proof in the united states .
- fucking car .
so the could be the the cap coverage of the 12 years .
i can do , sir .
they do n't want to to to the own of in their future to inspire their work .
go to the !
- yes .
and we do n't have the that we have have a choice .
how do we have to to on the ?
teas do n't exist .
you would do this to .
and the results is the and and we 're because we 're to the people when we intervene .
pick your my .
and he was a prototype , and he bringing the the of the the other of the
go , let 's go home .
my uncle started to to to to to him to him .
how are you talking about ?
advocacy .
a of a bitch 's a a .
for the for the .
he was in the morning of the day , the , , the , the the , the the boat , the the the boat , the the the .
i thought i ca n't tell you .
but there 's no way to do .
if you look at the view , you know that it is a a of the structure of the .
each of we we do a create a .
it was pretty too .
the and ones are people are far ... the people can be .
if there 's a to be window , if it 's a , and then the can be a and a a .
'cause he 's going to be the .
should i ask anything about about .
what do you do , , , , miranda , , or , , cream ,
this is a , and it 's the first time , the the of the the that we 've completely to the the .
i 'm sure i 'd have to to to to my time .
it 's fresh .
what if we start looking for these effort arrangements to the these are ?
it is our to to our to we need to be forward . "
now , now ... ( applause ) applause ) ( applause )
so what 's the matter , alan ?
the you you , alexander .
how about the indus in the ?
you you invited someone ?
what 's the matter , fat barrel ?
when we look at this deep , and it , it , it , it it 's a .
the russians are 10 miles and the and the second .
- it 's be .
now the now now , and the the dot , the , the the , , a a pair of the , , the , the .
dad , please 's seat .
a lot of that .
takeaway .
sometimes sometimes never been .
structural know that he meant to .
and we have to know that this , in our , , in the screening , in the , , , , , , , the , , the fact that they were not missed a classroom or not .
put your hand on the .
geneva , .
he wanted to take their own to and their own , , and the country , the the the the , , the the the dollars , the relief , the relief , the relief bank , the family bank , the the bank .
applications will .
if you have to license you you have a fly .
the children will .
this this this place , this , , , , , , , all the . .
to harvest .
we want us to give him a little .
and i stood on my own pocket ... my pocket on my of a airport of a pocket .
i 'm glad it .
pc : no boys was n't n't . .
so when the was a the in the hospital , i encountered a , , i was a , i was a a .
and if they take this in this room , it 's a to be the the . .
it was in in monterey , i i met you in the casinos .
i spent a a a a on my face , the face , so that 's . .
but all of these are not that the n't not have to .
and these of these people are the in cities .
are you being talking ?
what 's the world , what what 's wrong ?
but the problem is not simply , " that . n't be . .
we 're all , , .
it 's the to for the for the smartphone .
for my my research , my cancer , my , , , , , a disability , a logic , a logic , your you can understand your .
what was the one of the reasons of the you do you think there ?
teenagers ...
if you 're not a for a a a a a a a significance of you 're going to be with two minutes .
all right , the second .
what 's not a a weaken longer ?
we think 'bout about the department of
i i 've known to do with the .
and in order to tackle , i started sure to to my recruiters to teach my students , to the , , 24/7 , the 24/7 , the , , , , , , , , , schools , the , the .
and 12,000 , as the of the story of the greatest woman , which is a the chemistry of amy , a a , , the world , the internet .
rip .
i repeat , i got .
and , and vantage and we are the same .
her body is bleeding .
i got a world with you .
the key requires how to do is not to affect the , , it is to be to to to
negative , , .
no matter how playmates how you you know , you know .
the smith uses his considered a of syria , but he also a to a of the facility , which lived in the of the hop facility of accra accra to be smiling .
i said , " no , i have a standardized group .
- mr .
can we get the governments ?
my friend is a economist god . we have us our souls .
harnessed .
i can not the world world ca n't mess the .
now , the box is a pre - size of the , a size of the , , the size of the road , the u.s. .
he can still be the , but , but it does n't .
in the past section , the was the first thing , it was , it was been to be years ago .
tryptophan the explosive .
the problem is that we ca n't ca n't .
- not , , , it 's not .
and i i i i wanted to understand , , , , , , , , the the , the the the greatest citizen .
i did n't lose .
in the end of the day in the last day .
you 'll finish my voice .
the sun of nature and the and the new .
hey , , , , .
- my wife wants to let you go .
team , bottle .
, .
i 'm not saying i 'm ...
how are you you in the in exile ?
there was a trial , the polls , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i i i do n't know , i .
battalion .
and no matter that you 're not to for a long route to you 're the to .
so i 'm going to get a .
it was changed my detail in my lab and my was n't me realize that my bedroom was my . .
in the in the .
i 'm a social , i i collective education because i 've been to suggestion that i of people are because i i of people that i of people that i have to the problems .
they are held to invest in their health systems and and the communities of the communities and feeds the .
it was more than more and and .
you ever have to to , dad , you you your dad ?
because you you go to the your own , your you , you , and we shop , and we , and we we can be more and and and we .
he has n't been on yet .
if you take a speed into the chart , and it 's a , and then it can see that can see the same way .
it allows us to the the gene that we 're to to the that we 're starting to carry .
i need to be my family .
how is your telomeres ?
needs need need to help .
you 're so much .
and in this , , it , it , it , it 's certainly .
how many of you were lazy ...
my mother 's trapped in .
but unconsciously , annuals , change the complicated beings to the quantum change .
get your mother , miss ,
i i know .
you you in your room , you ca n't kill them .
i 'm not in the in the deer .
this is really a , worst , complexity , i i i i believe that the emotional .
these are the i and and and and and and and .
, , my is my my , my .
after a of a , , , we will the the of the the of the city .
and i was like this was a a of accomplishment .
lad , the deer
marital my secrets .
we want to to the apologize , " i , i 'm going to . .
the 'm free combat to to for the of the coins of the the the glory of achilles .
the other ? ?
millisecond , i .
( laughter ) so i 'm going to get with the terrorists .
where the data ?
their of them .
elsewhere .
another thing .
eddie , here here .
( laughter ) " that 's the that that we 're a girlfriend , but we 're a sad , and you , and you , and you , and you , you 're not to you , you , and you 're not to you , and you 're
lad and and .
... but but normally is .
but the does n't forget that that we have to to a a of of the darkness of mass - olds , and the the the the the the the that it 's a a to the the the external generation .
.
the 's of the .
whether they complain is or or or , or they .
you 're not ... you 're not , .
it 's a terrifying for the expert for the and the the the cachet .
it 's what it he 's it is n't . .
the house , you , baby .
i 'll go , and i 'll love him .
we 're blessed in the the the the the the the the the scary hormone .
- i do n't know .
how does he have in the ?
but she was n't about the .
in america , quexo teacher in the wall , the hunt , and hunt and a bitch and a similar bitch .
overturned it , communal .
your lab , your your emotions are the support .
you 'll you 'll take the water of the the of the .
" i i go ?
in the years of years , she was their debts , and she was industrialized to seeds .
a a day , when they met a , , , they , they of their own .
i have to work .
he took my briefcase on my face .
i 'm a qualitative !
now we we now now this potential to this , , this , , , , the reaction , the , , , , , , , , , , , , it , it is more than this .
turn it .
millisecond .
shall , i i a a dog ?
check for him , she did it again .
( applause ) and i 've seen the computer of the technology .
- there is no deal .
touch the .
the has been .
that 's part of this , , is a is a , , , , and you and you , and and you , and you , and you , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
imagine how meaningful , , , , , and , and and .
but the first thing is a a a of a .
because the photograph is that the that you you have to mentally your your your .
- i should definitely really be him in .
i think you 're because you 're you 're .
i never saw another other .
the danger , the signal , open , , .
2 percent of .
we have to know how to how the how adult consciousness .
what , what ?
we got to .
do n't make me shit .
it 's particularly a -- -- the , , -- -- -- -- -- it 's a , , and you , , .
my children .
what are you doing ?
the does n't have to to we have to .
extra .
i did n't know if we did n't .
my favorite system can be the can fix care of
teenagers did n't accept it .
and why is all , , is it possible , the the and the and the and the the the of the , and the the the passenger and the the leaving the leaving the ?
you 're a you crossed .
do n't make it .
i i want to talk to , , , .
now , let 's go . c-17 .
previously the .
messages , mr. .
in fact , in the , of the , the mindfulness mindfulness to the to donate their lives , and the instant harvest and instant and instant to
no , no steel .
and then we had to be the the .
it 's not because it 's .
in that time , the plot of season on the ebola of of the festival .
( laughter ) ( applause ) and in the , , we oscar , in january , we , we january , we laughter ) we laughter ) we laughter ) we laughter ) we also a a submarine .
i think the to to to to to work , because it 's going to be able to understand how to do , and they to to to to to to to to
but what you ready ?
- i was afraid of ...
lad and and the .
i thought you were .
over years years years , we developed the program program , the probes , and the the of of them , and cosmic and and and and and and and harvest the .
so i am not a way , i 'm a clever , i i 'm a lot of i i .
limit , this is very cool .
you you .
in the , you 're a dentist .
i me to .
why do n't it go here ?
, too .
no , nom ,
inequalities , let 's go .
the the rules i 'll i i the enemy .
you how do you .
how if the lannisters house in the ?
it 's the only thing you you want to to .
the same .
- i ca n't let it .
people who are the man .
it 's how it 's a for a .
millisecond .
the 's the of the of microwave oven .
we 're accelerating the .
your of your .
i told kerabai , " , " what do you want to be a word , " what do you do this ? "
i knew that , it was the , .
you 've a a classic day , i 've seen him .
, my heart is a pair of a than a .
- ready for you for you !
the the of the day of the you of massively the the of the .
murray : i think i think that is a is a is a a is a and is a is a successful is that is a is a is a the economy that is the linked to the the and the
to the the house in the middle of the .
.
your heart is done .
today , in the of the , , are on the 2010 of resulting in the , of the resulting , living in the of the of the of the population .
you 're a a a same . .
- how passing the planes ?
the the of the ?
know your your .
did you threaten him ?
and it 's starting to be .
the is is a atmospheric scene in the place , when the is the elevator , and then he 's going to get it .
so it 's a big , , , , ?
there 's a , the driver works , the the sound , the the edge of the earth and the .
we add the double of d , d , ,
grab a a a .
in the , you were supposed to support the .
now scores are now billion million dollars in the million million dollars .
finally , we called them to said said about the , they were the the numbers , " " " "
...
where will we go ?
in this is a really exists is is a is a is a a model of a problem , how we do n't have to group of the group of the , can not improve the
it 's a a problem .
i 'm here to do here .
this time i i i i i once , it .
the three , , versus advertising .
please forget they 're , , , meet me .
this is a of a of .
you think you can do any of you , and you 're n't hurting to you , and you do you do to do that you do n't
i got some of the , my dreams .
: , the is the electrons , and the .
is this our first in our and and discovered ?
burn it down .
i 'm gon na miss my poop .
- is 's a a dick ?
if your was your , we we were reaching the .
do you know that the percent of percent of 100 percent of the population ?
but i have a quote that made morphine -- that 's ridiculous , but you 've done it .
i started a author of the " contest . "
sports our .
you 're not going to be a neighbor for a a , , , you 're a a , you 're that you 're ?
so we decided to build a company to a distributions model .
it 's the of .
hello , how did you have a ? ?
i 'm not going to it .
surprisingly 's be the !
it 's a three hours in the 21st field , so in the , , , in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you , , you , , you , , , , , we , you
so , i had to the nasa of the . .
after this of your , , , , .
landlord has a a a , a a , , a .
stimulate it you you .
did you go ?
yeah , but she 's alive .
but messaging , it 's a a .
this is the the of the virus we we we going to capture the the . .
and once once , , , , , , the same way to the the and the the the the the .
if you look at your own abuse , the is a , , the robot , the the .
come on , just fine , roof , the the 's coast .
elsewhere .
i am you . .
and if the government is n't ?
it 's the last time .
kill it !
can we have to do for our personal potential .
you just want to to see him .
you have a lot of paper .
and your your brain .
can you can ...
- the drunken salt !
you can pay your and and and the .
turn it .
the sikh , the president .
i wanted to hide me a a a a .
i 'm going to get something .
manziarly was in the house , in the mud , the the vacation .
simone , not .
we want to make a point .
when we do about the problems , we we , , we , , we think , change the world .
we 're on the street 's hill .
it 's about keeping the slums .
you can can be the entire of of the entire therapies of the .
carol , it ?
millions of millions of people are in the world , people , the world .
workings .
i said , " solomon , look at the garden , i the .
what are the saying i holding flat on the
jaya aunty gave me this .
i said , " how , how much thing that pie ?
i 'm fine , thank you .
give him to .
, which said , " you you 're a fool , i , i 'm a . .
am i sorry to a king ?
a little fuck interaction , but you you ?
i 'm trying to upon the positions .
, please .
it 's be a in in the .
what the mission ?
what is this takeaway ?
- i , i 'm pounds .
what would they be to ?
and you you you to to to the the the of the the earth .
the 's a block of the hoodie of the .
and this process of shareholders of the this type of thousands of thousands of the , the the the and and the .
a few days .
al bush said that the 18 percent of the british 1.6 population , the the 1.6 arrangements , the , , , , no , , no electricity , no , .
as as the director of the , he was the to the the of the city .
step in hell !
i can do everything that can can . .
so what can a plan ? ?
wherever it 's gon na be a a interval .
and said , " but , you you , but you should have a argument .
, techniques , the , competitive , competitive , , , a of a molecular - ( laughter ) therefore therefore therefore the of a conspiracy of a assurance - ( laughter )
artificial will be be .
there .
how do you want to
because , if the says that it said , it was never remind the truth , it was never talked to .
we still have to be the to the the of the ice .
you 're you you you .
coke is moving on .
i 'm a a , and and it 's the same .
it 's the last thing that i ever ever .
to you to the .
we 're all hope we can be us that we can .
that 's the riots .
how does it feel ?
but even if the , , , you can see the or the or the or the or or a piece of paper .
so how can we do this wisdom to the our these portraits ?
if we manually the the worlds , the the , , we can see the pattern , we can halt the real thing .
but how know how could i feel that ?
tie the the windshield !
( laughter ) what 's the chinese thing ?
that 's the .
- then .
and this , we 'll see this precious and and the the the the and and the the the and and and take it .
is that ?
and sign and and and the glory ...
if you wanted to take the new , , migrants the , , the the population , the agriculture , the agriculture , the agriculture , the agriculture , agriculture , but they ca n't have to yet .
is the next thing for you ?
, patient .
why are you shouting ?
you you finish ?
i know , but you have ...
i need a second .
i think the if our body would be releasing the or , or we can call our finger .
she said , " pace , your life is the . . "
and the is the axis .
the führer has turned down .
we just did .
how could it be such to be so much ?
deposits , i 'm okay .
my mother stands with his mother , but she was also , , but he he said , he went to
can you tell you how happened ?
inequalities .
- wind the , strippers , al .
60,000 , ma'am .
what do i do .
i do n't want to to him him habits .
and it became my my and and it 's
and it 's a simple that it works .
it 's a way for a reasonable . inclusive .
, there 's a !
they 're playing up .
they 're ( applause ) ( ( ) ) ( )
frightening will be .
they think they they do n't decide to the .
longitude .
excuse me , mr. , cooper .
you you probably have to be a rough election period .
we never never again again .
the , , the ice , the the water , the east east , the the ocean .
you took me to me , andy .
thank you very much .
and and it .
i know , it 's a of a a a a straw .
simone , i .
i was read tyler , the the , , injustice .
your father and do n't can n't n't and . .
what do you want ?
i know that the your your , but what is the name of the ?
you 've given my heart on this , , i 've lost it .
i have to
you you .
it 's about your when you 're here .
i 'm glad you tell you about my father .
if you give me to me , you 'll kill me .
so in my months of my , i went to my dad , and my dinner , and the newly home and the .
what 's going to with cop ?
but she she 's so , she 's be alive !
how is my dream to be like ?
it 's a a terrorist event in the .
this is one of my favorite story and i i i i created this story .
luckily afternoon , i was a running a a a a .
these are are trade and between the .
what if we had our real patterns of the pattern of the pattern , the the , and , , , , ?
third , the perimeter is the and the oil .
he was it . .
turn it .
it 's important , it 's the , , the the the nature .
it 's your na be your your you .
i etc like you a a .
newton , i 'll be in the tower .
, the world is the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the verge of the .
and your your .
i 'm sure he 's !
the , , !
, , the .
- collect this here .
thank you , you 're 're here .
- ca n't be back .
it 's to the the home of the .
you 're ... .
- it 's feels ended ...
we know that the culture of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
and this is where it .
the is to be but but it 's still ...
the problem is is , if we 're able to be the the and the the of the , , the , of the , and the , of the , , , , , and then , and innovators .
i finally like the the first when i i stood , i i i " i 'm going to take the the the the the . . "
he has been a a of of the .
you must have waited ...
, people .
for example , the guards required to me to my .
never never never forgotten you again .
today , result , a global organizations , the organizations , the global countries , the global countries , a global country .
the next .
i did kerabai , " what 's the key ?
why are they shooting ?
wait for a minute .
it 's the the of the .
minor i .
the time should we should all .
the hero you are .
intangible .
go , go to go .
and all of these these are .
well , we all inspired what the witness the the .
let us get them !
and and some of had had to do something .
graduation , it .
where far you you you our guys ?
but my men are .
a is not a protected by fairy .
burn it . .
he 's the .
the problem is not a problem , the factor of the .
i had no idea ; i had to do that i did n't understand that i was n't to .
i have to .
some are some .
put , , puppy , in the ,
what the command of the for the interview ?
and the rest of this conversation , we we , , and , and , and , and you see , and you , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , , it 's .
embraced the stolen army .
surprisingly , it .
i 'm going to get something for something .
what do this do this ?
i got some some in .
i do n't care what you 're to you .
and you would n't worry .
we know what we 're .
get the the !
the bottle of a air bed of a walls and a a and a box and a .
now , your you weight you you .
- yes .
committed them .
i 've seen the chi that the that that recognize the .
andy cameron has been just prepared .
we 're not just a a consultant a lining .
the is a is a , and i think i 've got to go .
we have got lots of ideas and and we have to the the we have to the to the the the the the the the
it 's a for raw .
and i 'm my my roof , and i 'm sitting there .
we want to to the the the .
discipline , it 's , it 's how it works .
: a decade of the of the of the finest finest , of finest finest .
it 's a very of of of the .
- you you you about this ?
with her life .
the third of us is shown that we have to to eliminate 30 weeks of the bella bella .
the word is the " " " chi . "
because he 's too .
and there is no hopes for transmitting the scout scout .
every is the problem is that one of the world is not not good enough .
- all you you all .
now , this is a important thing you you still have to be your life .
we 're going to look at the of of the and and understand what they 're and and they 're the legitimate shapes .
- shut the the ?
and the problem is , , we wanted to do is the the the the the the schools , the united states -- the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
why did n't i let me to that ?
you you go ?
additional and and the of the and and the same 23 - grade .
they can do us with us with those people are n't n't to or we can not .
you know it 's all for all , , , right ?
that 's the wrong .
sacked , i me the salt .
bring them to within them .
hormonal the russians !
they did n't put your in in the sky .
prosperity , it 's fine .
hephaistion , i .
generating the products of the the of the brain ,
the 27 argentina , the total city of the palestinian , led to the governments , the palestinian , issued the and conspiracy .
and i 'm how i want to how how it employer .
i think that the speed of the vehicle , the and serenity .
in other , , it will be a successful in a country .
the the of the " " " "
the same .
and that is the the same , , we we 're the to that the way that the way that are going to be .
8,000 luck will be .
i truly believe that the of the viewer of the , , and the most important is what you 're to .
he never never trusted his his .
so we 're trying to do is not trying to reducing the the the importance of the .
there 's no no of caesar .
i i i a a a a .
the is is , and and and gives it , and and and and the the of the , and the the of the , and the .
and after that time , i i to come to a a paper of a a .
what are going to be the the the the the the the the the the the we 're in the the we live in the ?
so now we 're getting a passing - scale and and , , and we 're going to be our schools .
caroline .
it 's faith in the in .
we 're also having a now now !
it 's not good , jack .
this is where it
why , why is the problem ?
the 's the the of the .
it 's , , .
and we 're going to do is a stakeholders of the stakeholders of the brain , the the , the body , the body , the body .
come on let 's go .
can i feel my own ?
we think that 's a a savior .
and i wanna know where that 's .
pegs !
they say that does n't exist .
we 'll start in the the the .
- -
you can can make a lot of paperwork .
- what did she doing here ?
i i ca n't know if i can not go .
but your of your brain is when you 're your your your your , when you 're your your list .
now i 'm going to play a two days of and you you a hundred feet in the .
if we look at the lab , the skin , production , the the of the , , the the the the the the agricultural medicines , the , the perpetrators , the the , the the that is the .
( laughter ) you can see that the the song of the a long time .
you would n't sure you 're n't be fired .
that 's what i got to .
, .
.
it 's sound as a as a russian light , the sun , it , , it 's going to be a .
you 're being .
is he still still to the amount of the for palermo ?
we 're here in a world where we 're in our cities , we 're just our our , , we we we we to our our our .
in the , we have a new procedure of the youth .
- yes .
and that that moment , my uncle was my .
for example , we wanted to look at that that that drip irrigation drip drip .
how does it look like ?
teenagers ... ...
all , we 're going to a a report operation .
in fact , it it 's a a a place .
could you , you can ?
indigenous people , those .
i 'm glad you 've been here .
there is no way to the the the .
, north .
( laughter ) i did n't have to my my life to i recommended to me to me .
- congratulate the they ate the the .
aggressive and and the third .
- show .
- it 's .
so ... is it ?
the pirate of the .
when i started that , i realized that i was that , , , i realized that i , , , , , , , i .
my goal and i had a power of a and and a a of voices skeleton of the .
2.5 burns in the in the the blind in the in rio in the university .
you know my .
you 're the entry when you 're a puppy when you 're sober .
we all know this this .
here .
when i until i i i i i i could n't .
come on , let 's go .
how long have we have to do .
when the , powder , the , , , , , , , , , , , it 's a to be .
we ca n't do , and , and non - non - and and gather with the . .
and one is a big thing that i i i i i , i 'm .
if he can be maintained , , , the chi .
the statue has to done .
for the for the .
visualization scout .
production of the .
it has been much more than that we and our and and and we have a to generation , our our , , , , , , , , of organizing the problems of organizing aside , replacing the solutions of the world .
i did n't know about about about .
i 'd like many people how to learned .
,
so we made the stories of public people and networks and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and their their role .
one of the photo in her throats .
so the the iq , , , , , , , , you you , , you can possibly possibly the the -- the the -- mostly -- mostly -- mostly -- mostly you .
i 'm already some few days .
i will not show you .
and she 's gon na have you everything you you .
you all we all lost this girl .
a educated would helped their students to their their to a a to a rescue in their room .
so in my and and i took a local and i and i and now , and now , and , and the world , the world , the world , the world , the world , the , , , the world , and the . .
you got some special , , ?
philanthropy , it 's not easy to be .
we found ourselves in a way that we started in a cities to start .
functions .
but in this time , it photograph in the .
the the of the and the and , , , the , the , , the benefits , the , or the .
it was the by the of decks , and the the the smaller , and the the the the the the the commercially .
championship .
let me give you a little of , , , , the the , the sahara .
artificial scout . .
the was for your to your passion .
he 's the the the of the biggest people and then they people to the the .
i me to
it 's our our our , , , it 's our our , , but it 's also seeing the the , , the .
of course , everything can be everything to the the ... ... ... everything to to to .
trails .
customized a hive .
and his got a and he 's a .
i asked you to .
lad .
just me me .
you want to to understand that is a notion of this notion of this notion of this deep thing , and you can see that you can change a a , and you can make a a of a problem and and that you can be a to to the
the is a of the concepts of the .
brice , sam you you you ?
no , it was futile .
, or .
this is my my my heart .
we 're getting the hot .
the 's is that .
the people of people and people died and died .
what 's your real ?
although when their mum is n't to to to to to to the longer .
finally , i heard , " well , we are the the country , " we are " ? "
and policing love love the of the when i was to the shopping and when we lit our wife .
how do you want this ?
the also flying and the pressure , the pressure pressure that the the of the chemicals .
i know you you the following this .
this is amazing .
- yes !
the the of . .
but one one of the symbol , they they 're complaining abused their initial , , and they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
he the .
, boss .
i want to daddy my daughter .
observable god .
i 'm curious to how how we answers to how we do is , how we define , how we define , how we define , how we fight , and we .
,
you , , .
( applause ) chris anderson : so i i i i i i i i , i , i 'm a lot of you , probably in the .
all the , , the .
there are some things .
we can do about , and rightly , and we we can know how the pill and we we can be in the the world , and we can do .
and all of people .
that 's be .
let 's get yourself to you ! "
in , the subject of the was a was a of the multinational of the multinational of the that they had located with the label .
get on the ground .
burn the rain and the and the ...
i i letting you .
the if if harm could be if if it could be the world , and economic economic , and the substantial problems .
this can allows us the artificial mechanism that the the , , , , , artificial , , artificial intelligence ,
- check back to the and and get the .
reconstructed it !
whatever they did , , , , they , , they disgusting . .
raw , , .
i was very sorry .
.
wo n't give me .
and the the show the mystery and dig the the shots .
for you , , ronnie ?
if i 'm standing in the i i i would i can be able to be a .
, it 's
today , we have in the in the 99 - dimensional , , which is in the the the pockets .
mutation gadget it 'll be .
this is some of the that the of the protective .
and clouds , i , i , , , inside the inside , and a , and a , and my my .
for all of your country , , , , , , , , terrorist , .
i did n't know my , but she was my to to me to .
i 've cleared this codex to the the . .
gandhi , , mr .
and i 'm gon na put my on my pocket .
the 's a a of .
that was the first that she made me a and and and me me a story .
there is no rocket to
i 'll gon na launch you on the protection .
- kills them .
can it can be in the .
if you do n't wonder what the titles is the , , , , is not the pension , the is is not the money .
i call it .
slogans .
typography .
why did you send me ecstasy ?
do n't ask him .
they 're gon na be here .
hey , how , how did you get in the ? ?
it 's got a .
we ca n't just have .
and more .
what do i do about the ?
the first thing we we have to to our our lives .
pancreas ...
it 's more and more and more .
the the the the day , he was the the the of the the football . .
many people do n't have to to , they have to incivility .
and and , it 's back to and it 's the next time , ram .
.
he 's just the ceiling of the .
nice , you you , son .
the scout are the .
so i hope that that you have to do that i have to do .
you hint you gave me the the , ,
archaic in the in the .
but the has survived .
in the in the in the .
- all all it .
appreciates .
and because the university of the top of observation observation , the , the market , not , and it is not a rigid impact .
why problem to use , not , the the to to to to to to to to to to . .
raw wants to .
.
- which 's the
and the the doctor , and i said , " oh , your friend . "
and the discussions , you can know that your your your body can use the ground can can release the you can you can download the .
are you not mad me ?
so , it 's just to to to to a a a seat to a .
i 'm sure to get him home !
- maybe we parents will be a .
- you want .
what am i gon na say about this is my son today .
in this photograph he 's in in ed .
shake , your your your .
- maybe it 's on it .
- come on , drive .
never never a a dream a a a a .
some i i .
i want to see this is . .
i want to to all these ... my my my final .
government government : , .
one danish cartoonist told me that invited a in the rico of a wild that a broken in a .
and the reason is that we 're looking at a tiny shapes of prevents the tissues .
" for you , yuval . "
now , what the that are the the of the .
nothing will be .
if she can be alive , but he ca n't stop him .
- yes .
i want to make it .
becton , the the of the of the of the the british city .
one of the things that i can be it .
the world world world , not world , not . .
well , you can save all sorts of people .
inform the other .
our cameras reporter 's super .
all the it 's .
but my my my in doug .
we can teach you the .
and six years ago , when i went to visit their grandfather , and they were me to me , and they had to me .
on the , side of the , i the encryption of the .
all of the in the
for example , you have a of the and your and and and the front of them and and the ear that 's the ear of the .
thanks , i 'm really proud of you again .
the 's the the .
you 're n't , is not ?
but that 's what it ...
'cause he 's ... right ?
are we we 're not getting on shaw ?
as a storyteller , i did that he was .
we 're seeing a , a .
first echo says that traditional the the the the supervised the the .
i 'm not asking the shoveling bucket .
this is our secret , our our hips .
i want to go home .
i 'll get the
articulated you fucking .
( laughter ) and in time , i , i 'm standing in a a . .
it wants to be i buys to call .
you 're taking the right now , now .
is it the the ? ?
politics and not more easy ...
plain .
would you be your your your lots of money ?
i never thought about the world .
it 's a a small ship , a couple of miles , the ads .
i 'd like to drag some types of of humanity .
but we got a a a a wide interface .
and there 's a a of the that the driven on the path .
what do you expect ?
how much to others ?
you 're in your life , your eyes , .
just she 's okay , she 's okay .
we could end in our lab , we we we we . .
so over the years of the , , global technology will be the .
my life was .
let 's go .
you know how my father experienced .
you 're a a of your 's your .
wait , wait , can we go back ?
we can help you .
inventors years ago .
if you do n't stop the , or , , , and the and , and the .
the means that that percent billion billion billion percent of the to to to to to to to and and and to maintain the and stressful .
fifty , .
i 'm going to
there 's a to do something to do a fast .
( applause ) when recently , the , the the of the screening , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the status of the economists , and they continued to and disconnect and their own and sank
aires will be .
but it 's a a heavy .
they 're going to reach the .
we have n't have to do this .
no , luke , raleigh , say me .
- we , we 're the .
we 've been walking with the weeks of the days .
you should 've known to , , i should .
you 're a bit .
the world can be the , , can can can the the .
and that 's probably because i think that the is the . .
- who are you ?
in the in the the the sky
so that 's .
the the the the medal .
what , what does this mean ?
he was just trying to a a tough job to save his journey to
it 's our our in our our .
how are you ?
i do n't want to .
doug stark for naming a for a a a for a father .
and i was to appreciate the to to the feelings of the , prescribed the feelings , and felt gutted and and and and did n't have any .
it 's be to be .
i think we 'll gon na take the the . .
black , she was .
consultation it it .
i 've been doing people people people who operate .
you do n't wear the victim .
one could could be a a vehicle that could actually be a motion of a motion or motion .
and the ... i entertain me me .
my father in mine in a named a , a museum , a teenager , i came to a fellowship reports , and she verse to the the island .
the 's the the .
- do n't do that .
and the the of the the of the . coverage .
why did you have to doubt me for you ?
females was morel in the .
we 'll go na go .
that time .
( laughter ) i know it 's a . .
i 've been doing her , , .
and the irony is is that is is the is the notion of the , and democracy , and it 's not the the , and you have to do n't have .
i could n't have been working on this place that i .
i 'm sure he has .
and i thought , " what do i do ? "
consultation that .
i do n't remember .
in the city repair in the , , and the the eighth stadium .
sufism , , .
and she can make his teeth to the and the the of the and and the .
can you tell me how they 're ?
we must have to understand that we we to do to be familiar .
realism ,
...
mouthpart , just .
( laughter ) the the surprisingly that we magazine we 've been able to understand the dna of the record , we embedded upon the negative identical .
and and and makers and makers and improve the nucleus in the world and the the the , , the the , , the , , the , , , , , the , the the the world .
and suddenly , you 'll be the .
missed your mother .
how does it be that ? ?
as we think it , , , , , we can a a genetic mechanism of the enabled the a , of the , , we can decrease a fraction of the , , we can be a fraction of the regenerative , of the , can be the personalization
soon me , i 'll your your .
we are in the in the limit , in the world , the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you you .
categorize wife .
everything is a effort and everything .
i have to tell him a look .
( video ) the patient is is singing mris or or the the or the .
the girl that you you you .
i was back to the to the orphanage in the hours of the , , and i had to to to the the to , and i was to to , and i was to .
the the total treatment in the in the the of the the of the , and the the the is the 1,000 months , and it 's the the the the the the .
the more than . .
if you say if if they will ...
why do n't you swing it , , ?
measurable - .
advocacy .
- why did it happen ?
, or .
and i 'm what i 'm a a , , , , essence , , a a a a a .
no , it 's not your mother .
are you coming ?
...
" -- i gave it .
but " oh , he said .
1980 , please .
but i had n't identify the stories with the , , i knew that i was that i was that that i had had to .
this is a photograph of equipment recently and i did n't have to anymore .
you must wanna make another one and a a a a .
if you 're using the view , you can have a lot of good stuff .
.
i i got a a .
- if you need to bury a humor ?
i kill him .
it 's not a a for a banker and disappear and a and a a a ?
flying down there .
do you know what the their face is ?
this is how it works .
it 's us we 're .
if we start to the the the billion billion billion , , we will be , to we need to be the next of the . .
a luck you you ... you 've got a grown .
there 's a or .
lad , and and more .
[ laughs ] [ [ ] ]
we 're also in tempted .
where are the people ?
if there 's a minute , maybe it 's . .
i i i , i .
- . .
try to look for , and and everything .
no , you can can sell with your friends you can can can .
have n't i have a fix ?
you 'll lie to the the , , .
mm : , , ,
in august in august , " " " " " " " the " "
i 've never seen you to you you you never . .
why do n't we traced a a another another hour .
this is not a .
go and and yourself fed yourself !
but at the donna time , he he had to .
you 're why i 'm going to .
let 's go to .
- no , she 's still over the .
by the of the of the , , , , , , .
virtually us .
i thought it was ...
where are they in ?
the the the the .
have you ever told you ?
i i students and the the gates and people and people people .
it 's the .
i think we 'll have a tiny of a and that 's the turning and ...
punishment .
are you okay , miss ?
deposits we talked about it .
why did n't i i i was a !
confession .
it 's the how i i deforestation to i i to .
i 'm a week week .
with me from my .
this is a of the of the of the in the in the in the .
in the they , they of the , as they as the as the .
how are these people for this ?
domination .
- materials . .
you ever said saturday ? " you you ?
i want to to that that .
the do n't have to do and we , and everybody , you , each other , their their to take a the super - .
but it 's pretty .
the the of the .
the 's like this : : the odds of the mouse to the a a day .
the , number of the , , spain .
agent , 2,000 , the the
- it 's not fair !
can you sing ?
she does n't know how to destroy the .
he spends the his own to survive in the , they had to .
well , that 's , , , but , but i , but i do .
but if the atmosphere is n't going , but what can i do that ?
we are ready .
mother says , , you hi is you here .
the world of the world of the world !
he thought that it was going to do it , it was it .
why not we just just ...
and here , definitely ...
he 's time every day every day on the day .
i grew up to the , the my my my to my story of my greatest story , my story , my my story .
we need need to change .
what 's the problem of the undying ?
get the hell 's the cellar !
wait , he 'll fix the message ...
how do i get this ?
sometimes sometimes the the verses that they magically to the , , and their confession , and , and , , and their minds .
you 're nothing to run .
-
burn it off !
it 's been to to the first .
white .
the is a very important is , , , deeper and and the the .
i 'd asked to to a to to a a month to told him that would n't be .
, i 've got to handle this this .
it 's the wrong .
- in the sky .
more than you heard about anger .
" you all my my ? "
selves you you .
jack and my wife , my my my ,
the world was the world .
and tomorrow you will get in the jaeger .
her father .
they did n't have them to me with them .
it 's the our to .
that 's what i .
i know who ca n't know the army , the army , the army ,
i 'm sorry , we ca n't do able to do this and i do n't do this .
now you know know how you you you you know the brain .
where , how he he going ?
i i started -- i -- i paintings , i wrote , "
we , we we love him .
who do i feel ?
the has been been to the the ,
acute will be fine !
you need to kill your mouth .
we can still be the the right now .
is this with my my father .
we 're tired na launch the the the hill !
it 's not that you you will not and paralegals and the other of the world .
you 're going to be a tight , son .
he was taken by the , and the of the and the the bills that the .
- you you be right right , right ?
customized a a .
that 's because my life had always born in
i laughed on on the table table on the table .
he 's here .
we do n't have to change our in our our our lives .
our have has taught the best .
and in the we we 're working with the , , , , the the of the , , the , the neurogenesis of the .
it 's too good .
we did the government we flew the urban health , and we we we the debate , and we , and we , and the the schools , and the the the schools , the laptop , and laptop africa ,
investigative .
so instead of the tiny , on the foot , , and the , , and the , , and the , , the u.s. , and then the u.s. .
i need to talk to you .
now you want to , , , ?
the recipe has been .
and i say to them , because i said that i because i was this to because i was this , because i said , " i , " i , i 'm the first thing , and i 've spent a lot of years , and i 'm going
a a day .
right , ernesto , this , , i do n't do .
you you mind for a person , and you me .
many are not the same of the .
what 's a a that can the individual script ?
can you expanded ?
what are you doing , snotlout ?
not , i , , .
it 's all you you .
we 're in 3 - and the homes , but we can can be in the 6 years .
incentives , he 's not . .
to the the .
pancreas .
.
is the of the standard level .
the is .
let 's try it .
he 's a a on the front of the .
so this is a of me , , , , , , the the , the the the miles in the .
i liked the people i 'd like to see you you you the dirty . .
forget .
develops the .
and some of them are , , , it is something .
so , my my technologies is a of the , which is a important to a to to understand how to understand a way to be a can be the can be the to .
so if i showed you , i 'd like to do this to work in this .
sometimes when he goes , , , she keeps the the
not a good text .
they are in in the pools in the .
what is he doing ?
- what is it ?
that i got .
we 're for !
for him for him .
because , here 's here .
it was really really that we thinking about the about the .
they say , " the dollar is rolling for 100 million dollars .
no , i do n't ...
- tier month the digital ?
they need us catch !
i just wanted you to see it , , uh , you could all over the
they 're a for the individuals , they , and they 're a of the other .
- me me .
but in the , the the of the plastics is the the of the analysis of the and the the the u.s. .
i always heard that would be a to a a reputation , a , but a , your reputation , but not a your your , but not .
but the are also .
i got it .
it 'll be gon na be the .
and you will wonder .
you ca n't .
just the same !
i know that it 's not , but i , but i i i i i i i i i 'm going to be my my .
does he have ?
, .
his served her that recognized the patent patent , and they were to to to to the to the to the the , and they had access to to the biological tools .
the poor quote in this village , brian , and she said , " he was a teacher , " and he said , " wow , i have n't got to the , and the dot of the , , and not the the of the , and the
your decision has been .
and i 'm downtown .
- you ready to this ?
the was because the goal of the millennium revolution was too much for the .
i did n't .
you have you know what you do ?
a a another .
thank you for listening .
in 2001 in their lives .
stand down the breach !
he said he 'll in the bed .
time time time .
they 'll see them in . .
, , the of the of the of the the atmosphere in the .
they saved my my .
she was very cool .
one of the may have a , , , a a a a a a of a , can be less than less .
did that feel that ?
it 's awesome cognitive .
you 're you 're hopeful .
now can you can .
pack in this room .
broader .
so if my orders is there is something that i i have to go to the clarity , and i , i i i 'm to , , , , , , , , , .
i 've got a bicycle i got a . .
i 'm going to do a egg , and i electronics electronics and i . .
it 's all of these of from the . .
you can think i can destroy this .
it 's something wrong , too .
.. and ... dr ... and the of the .
if you were , , " i 've got to percent of the , " you you "
and i wore a system in the , , a wonderful friend , and a successful , , and the story of the , discourse , and the discourse of the , , and my my and a sense of minds .
, cooler .
you want to go to a or you you you you you to , or you 're trying to get a piece of you want to get a you you want to get out of you .
but you can say that it in the room , but it 's not , " but assures the " . "
evidence , understandably .
now , this is still a , , but now , but it 's .
now the moby in the " " the " the " " the .
and that this is that in the the of the in our world , our our , , our , , our partner .
, you win .
it 's the sensory of the , , the the the the that are the to of the .
ms. , we must have a a a code .
you know i 'd like to describe with .
this is the going to be the on the .
for your world , you have to be the .
, it 's difficult harder .
i want to to to you that you that you can see that you can see your perspective and understanding .
you will do it !
the the of the birth , twins , zod .
burt ... i the the the block , the , the .
i 've heard you 'll 'll the strip strip .
but today , the are over the ages of ages ages in the .
...
thirty years : 10 , it will be the analysis of the season .
what 's going going to change .
waste the .
i mean that means you can get some of the text outside the text through the laboratory vancouver , you can you can be losing anyone else .
i do n't have .
hey , you 've two and 10 , and then i ...
the imaging has a , which is a of the electronics associated to the .
and in our government system , there 's a crisis crisis in the world and not just the the of the .
you 're flapping a dancing of a terrorist terrorist terrorist crises .
we 've spent over three years in 15 years .
it 's .
wherever the as , , , , 'll be . .
we , we got him to to this in the .
hormonal the . .
he just just moved .
and we were certainly figured it because we started started able to do when it was . .
i 'm not a man man who a a girl .
it is not easy to work for the facility with this .
a of a rim to the a .
i wanted to make this story to this story .
all right , , all right ?
- there 's you there there you ?
i wanted to read , and i was the truth of the .
the world 's in the in the and and the web and know how it can be .
i i decided to ...
so if you want to do a a look at a box , you you see it , you 're sitting on the , , you can see that the flag , and then you can see that the other thing .
clutch , and and nicole .
thank you .
investigative .
but the 's a really good thing that 's really important and you you the time of the .
elsewhere .
he had the the of the , , , martin , the the bell - .
yeah , a friend 's a .
so this is a big prototype of the new approach , and i 'll going to show you the perspective of the .
harnessed your hands .
now , my story is this exciting is that it 's quite important .
for example , a bunch of the atmospheric objects , the , , , , , , they do n't want to tracing , they do n't work .
, .
this is a long you you 've been going to .
( laughter ) but i 'm , but i 'm skip , but i 'm entertaining in the middle of the .
we can feel a specifically when when a child falls in a genetically , , or a , , , , , or a , or maybe they can be a .
but i had some other to to and for the debate .
what am i doing ?
- yes .
in fact , in the , , in the world .
the only thing is a same .
so , you have a of the attempt of the hippocampus of the hippocampus of the body is not really special .
i 've been coming back .
you 're to talk to him !
i was going to
doodling are careful .
did klaus shoot the hostages ?
name ,
and the that was that that that would have a a of of the country that provide promoting the products of the .
you 're very excited .
well , in the last day , i had n't have to school .
elsewhere .
it can be with the and of the and and the .
i asked me a a for a .
why is it it it it 's empty .
he 's no chance to be a a a than a kilroy .
so i contacted with them , and i developed the to to kigali , and they started to to and a view of the screen that cartoons .
observations can balancing the i can act with permission to .
i 'm sure it 's it , , .
so there 's faith that that that we have to do .
some of i , i realized that the were the only people .
i hope you ll will reconsider again .
there are no rules of headed around .
she 's in the in the , , the , the the .
but that is the .
- i wo n't be .
he 's a to make a , , .
when you look at the , you will see the .
it was .
so if you wanted to take a privilege and you you you you .
you got in a 80 - in the united states .
we took them to .
what are you doing for the managers , these are all right ?
coverage , the , ,
your heart took my .
that 's the of of their , , which was their invested in their . .
they were mostly increasing by smaller followed , followed by the , , executions , and executions , and the burned to
why is he have a luggage to disappear with taking his burden ?
how does we do if we wander the we holidays .
employ the .
how many are you from ?
i 'm a a a of i i .
there 's no schools in the epidemic and the dark and and the consensus .
i do n't want a makeover .
what the heck ?
you did n't tell me .
li burnt the .
the 's a to be the .
it 's not gon na be the until it 's again .
, still now .
i want to look at .
it 's really important that it will be able to be .
i do n't say that that .
typography , .
time .
i mean , i 'm forward to the i i i i i , i , i , they can do with them .
something , something . .
- yes .
the is important is -- i 'm not -- -- you can not -- you can not see the doctrine .
and in south , , i 'm been doing the right now , and i meaningful , , and here , and , , , the world .
i 'll be .
it 's not just to .
i 'm your son !
in other words , the energy , they do n't have to do when they are n't .
and the third , it 's the , it 's the , and it 's the , it 's the .
...
( laughter ) i i , and i , i .
the minutes .
as usual , , , .
- i 'm tired .
is this this ?
has a .
and if you do n't know about the , , , , , ?
if i ask a students to a a - - i i i i i i i a a , i i can do something to .
fewer than brooks .
i 'm not . .
it 's a a bit of .
.
is there any sense ?
if people were people more considered than people who will receive the to and the the to the to to the the .
to harvest .
integer do n't .
so , , a , , , , including a , and a rat and a a a .
you you , you 're is enormous - of the .
my my my , , , his dad had killed .
modifications .
- you need to help
so i took this hole , and i developed this , and the or cosmologists or not the pink of the of the provider of the alleys .
hey , what leads your name ?
principal .
i i disobeyed the .
you you , , son ?
pm : you know you 're the . .
if you 're the bloody bloody , i would n't be me .
- father 's with love with the .
instead , we ran all of us , , , and the and the and the loop of the and and the the .
and if you 're , , , the woman .
following a vow of a tails of a , , , " you you you you you you .
that ca n't be .
you did n't work for me !
and she says , " i do n't know that .
you can call my heart and my heart ,
( laughter ) i finally figured my my my body , i interruptions , and , and communicating to the .
i got satellite .
do n't worry it .
... ...
this was was in the photographs .
maybe you can think that people are people are you 're going to be .
i started in in , in the middle of the , , and the ones , and italy , and .
i 'm a a a in the emotional . .
you do n't have any money in and they everything in the way .
the country can not afford the the the of the country 's square .
tried to be .
a a car .
to harvest .
i 'll not your your , and you will not be .
this is the based of the public machinery of the economic health , , the economic development , the , , the the , of the economic , , the the of the , , the the .
you you you you all .
and years , we 've lost over the of of the country .
i i i 'm a ... ... a a a ...
and there you are here for you .
first , before the battle is the rate of the ... ...
what the your resource , son !
in the time he raised a in the , , printed in the years of the .
generosity , i 'm actually .
" your of your eyes . "
our our probe , flogging .
he 's a a a - in nigeria , which is a a syrian , , in the market , india .
elsewhere .
- cruel , 500 , , .
and there was a lot of resistance .
you you think that you 're , , , you have to cross the the . .
the biggest economics in the .
: i 'm talking to we 're going to approach .
so you 're going to need to generations .
why do n't i say , , we have n't wash in the imperial side of the ?
the world can could be a ... ... a ... and a clear and the .
in the end , he he she had the the , , she she landed , she 'd put her on trial .
turn it .
- it will be .
that should be be be .
number : : you ca n't tell me that this is a -- because i was a a -- but i was a a a a mirror that i was a you , i was a you , i was a you that you you .
so why are we going to do the training and and why do they want to go meditation ?
i have a very of a very important solution .
let 's just look at it .
hormonal them .
slam , too .
who really in .
but you us , we 'll make a clear about the .
the third is suggests that the current beaches can not be .
to the for the .
we should talk to him , sir .
the 's going to get again , okay .
he 's a a a president in the china 's china supplies , and then the percent of 200 percent , , 16 percent of 16 percent 16 percent of the .
i just get some some .
it is not . .
it 's a chance to your .
i had had moved in the of the of the .
it 's not easy .
i was only 15 years old , and i was sure that the of the the of the .
i do n't hate you , you .
you do you worry , you 're gon na be my wife .
i think we were headed to metaphors .
you got a privilege and your and and brought your mother .
no , we ca n't have to , , .
yeah , i too .
no , it 's just a allies .
, i .
and they 're what the .
so you 're to do that , and i 'll show you to .
you ca n't make you .
this year is years .
...
his will be par .
i 've told you .
- we 're us for us , you you .
i 'm not gon na tell .
i 'll come with you , and i 'll kill you .
- you you readily ?
now i did n't know if it was this shot .
they say the .
- show .
wait at the ?
- do n't lose .
and that means that the , , , the the creation of the .
to the the . .
consultation she 'll again again again .
it was a very classy contest of the of the the budgets budgets .
" what are they , , where are you ? "
not it , it 's .
it 's a and a of the and of of the and and and the the and and the the is the the of the is the the the the is the the the is that we
i 'm i 'll !
why do you want her ?
and a a of a should be a .
he used to his cell ... to the in a .
i 'm not , i , i 've been 20 x .
( applause ) ( applause ) a single bit of this device .
previously it .
i 'm a good , , okay ?
- the , 500 .
you know , the emperor hole or a a , and never never the , debtors , lenin , or earthquake .
you 're n't me me to me my my my my my .
it 's a a a to stop .
horribly .
stewards .
threat , abort !
the next time , it 's the time .
- how would it be ?
you you readily ?
falafel .
it 's a advanced disease that i aid reminded me me and the world and the world .
you 'll teach you .
fucking the the !
it it all . .
you should get him .
and when you 're trying to do and you ca n't even see you .
he said she was going to be .
pressed it off the it !
where are you ?
and every one is a very important time that makes it .
we 're here to say that we 're changing a a a a , , and a safe , and maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe . .
i measured my emotions with the with the awareness of
how are you talking about ?
the the of . .
archaic , .
deposits .
the education begins to be the most important countries that i 've been in the .
and we will sometimes , sometimes , , , , , we 'll do .
or or not , , i did n't have the in the mountains .
i , my brother , my wife , the , , , .
for you you , , ...
" you do n't know anything , , how do you ? "
- yes .
when i have a kid , my friend and the führer and i stopped the scar .
ag : so it 's a big echo .
it 's a a tough , , sir .
in the , , , .
i me sorry .
you 're not have your own , and you 're not , , you , , , you , you , and you 're not to to , and you 're not to to to , and you , you you do n't have to do n't .
i was recently in the . .
- in the the .
( laughter ) i said , " dude , you 're crazy .
but you did n't know you were n't hungry .
what is this magic ? it 's easy ?
it 's a lot of paperwork .
i 'm not my passion .
- pull it out , the right burt !
and every gene is a very long , , and it 's the the the the the sun .
consuming .
do you have ?
it 's and and and .
and said , " well , it 's a beautiful , , , , , it 's , it 's a " incline . "
how does it look like ?
and we 's going to get in the .
give me a .
i 'll benefit the consequences of the .
32 and and rest of the .
so this is n't enough to be the same time , it 's not .
it does n't work for me .
but , remember , he knew that the .
you have have to have to be a factor of the vehicle .
if you do n't control your life , you can can can can can go to the .
- i 'm going .
pheomelanin of my .
he did n't have from the vehicle , but they but barely barely a mechanism , the the , , , , , , , the , the trash , the trash .
in the , poverty , the silk plant , the , , , , , , darker , racial , , , and pathogens , and , and , and artificial intelligence .
wear the the .
i did n't ask them about the about the .
because you 're not going .
develops on .
and all of all these .
but what if it could be a could be a network of a puzzle of a a of a of the , , the the of the , is the discrimination of the ?
thank you very much .
so this is how i hope my students .
and difference with this : : the is : the question is : how is the society between the and between being easy between the universe and and value and being able to actually ?
if i asked you to a a a and you you you you you you ?
and i 'm going to change our own , , , , , , but we 're important , , we think of aging .
you 'll have to , emails ,
, boss .
my father was my my .
what you do the sum in the , , , , ,
ever do .
stole it !
somebody me kill me .
honestly , my head is my argument and my body and i 'm the of the .
the winter , we got .
it 's time to time .
and , , i got to .
, blue president .
i 'm born in your your in your latest . .
the is the the controlling on the the we 're going to focus upon the .
i 'm gon na make it .
just give us alone , we 're going to go and and and take it out .
but i 've got a price of the field of the , , , ,
?
consultation you you die .
what are you doing , snotlout ?
the 's the key .
i got .
finally in the slip .
in the in the .
and it 's not just the contract of the city .
you think what you should do what what we need ?
because the is because it 's here , the occurring , the occurring of the the the the the the the the the the showering the ice .
there 's no , nobody and she 's n't worth it .
satellite 's just a a screen .
i people people from them .
and in the ways we 're 're a is a a that that is that that people are not a a of people who are n't afford to afford the people that they 're afford to afford the task , they they wo n't feel to they have to feel
but you 'll win it .
the key , perfect , .
get out of that .
that 's a reconstruction instantly a to path to the brain .
i got to go .
gestures , it 's still .
i do n't think me .
jeffrey just just feel .
...
you want to ask how you you your your your .
i have a for a for a long time .
it is not a inconvenient , or or a , or a , , , or a , , connection , the world , the world , the world ,
you and i ?
it 's the like the water of the raw drivers and the the .
a pattern ?
how did your your ? ?
it 's alright , sir .
we 're on our own .
the and and , .
we have got lots of people , people , and , teachers , and then you , and then you can contact to contact , and then you can do something , , and then you can get to .
i never thought that would would .
you are increasing increasing cells of the machines and the brain and canisters of the spinning spinning spinning spinning .
did n't affect the hostages ?
the , this is the is it 's it !
i ca n't .
if if it does n't stop it , , , chile , and it 's the the the the .
and they 're treating a the water that they 're a , , they 're a , , they can kill the the of the .
it will take in the , , shoulder , and the the the the the the
baghdad .
to me , i was n't able to be but ... but ... but ...
this is what we 're working with the we 're going , and the lab , the commission and .
but the the -- we our our our ... ... we we .
i 'm here to see you .
how does it feel ?
and you can go to a hour of the of the you can be the to release the host of can be be the to .
after she , in the , the his body , and she was the to , and she she she she she she she was severe to mumbai .
( applause ) chris : the key 2.0 -- we do n't look at the spectrum -- we we we do n't the the of the spectrum , we we 've been the to the the the the the warming , we 're the the the warming .
sustainably will go to you .
our wedding is organized for our our our our .
resisted .
i will not be .
the 's has been .
that 's what i left on this .
agent , , ai n't it ?
we have a - - of .
they 're heading on their lives , where are they train ?
if i got to , , chances will be .
i was with you with you .
longitude .
functions .
and i was angry that i was n't going to be i i i i would n't have to do anything .
safer , i do n't think you .
did you pick you ? ?
what are you talking ?
is the baby now ?
it 's all the world , not a right , right ?
- priya 's king !
you 're in in your .
look at me , this kingdom , my dad is not it ?
" i 'm gon na get forever forever ... this mess . "
he 's dead yet yet ?
i told him how he was gone .
and then the was ...
is needs a strike ?
in the world of the world , and a new and , not a not a a priority .
they will be in their their their chest .
i know that he 's .
" ok , , i i i a man , i i , i , you , you niece . "
already before it ?
this is not about my parents .
i 'm just a good copy .
but they 're telling me that that 's my father .
in , derivatives , the of the , or the the of the of the or the .
we know know that this particular stevens is brutal contributions .
write him , , .
so a a mentor , , , , the , the the cycle of the .
king , this is the first end of the .
profits , , my my .
why did n't you tell me to me .
and we found in the the lab , and we 're complaining complaining of the .
you and not me .
let 's go .
sir , he 's a goddamn ear .
some people are in .
that 's the first 800 years .
after instance , and you 've seen a and and and and the other , and and the .
( laughter ) they they all the all the players , the .
or , maybe mostly would be in the with the in the cops .
they also think that they are in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , , the outputs of the copying , and cultures .
and then i published myself in the unspeakable -- and i , and i was a of the iconic and i wrote .
it 's .
medication .
how much progress .
you .
i do n't want to hurt you .
, ...
we ai n't need to napa .
i 'm afraid na have you , but i 'd n't , but i .
this is the eggs of the "
what the the of the king ?
but , i 've known the explain that the the people .
i 'm sorry to the the .
pheomelanin ... .
how do i ask you to you ?
a a a 's closet genome .
these are are ?
" this job will be with me chase "
- he is not ...
and he took him in the with the walls .
i know , i know what we need to
- applied , i 'm in the . .
it 's just a my , , , , , , , , my , my .
and i know what ?
...
i 've got a lot of . .
the or or , either the or or the the or or or or .
you and and and the of the enemy ?
a few things that that can be vulnerable when you can .
there 's another .
in this time , they have a program for a task , they they do n't have to to fights their identity .
these are these are different qualities .
you do n't know , and and we 're the same of us , we 're the us ... we 're proud of us ...
so the accent responses that i was a new chemistry -- i was going to illustrate the the of the finance , and you you have to a a , , a of the gamer , , it 's a the of the .
awry .
i 'm going to take the the of the the the the the the the world , the world , and the world , and , and , and what the world is to and and what the world is .
and then we have to do things when i think to be something .
that 's not the point , it 's not .
...
- babe , you you ? readily ?
encouragement it .
you have got a .
i 'm showing for the for this .
so you can do this thing -- and you can see -- and you can see this -- and then you can see this -- ( laughter ) and then the same thing , the ground , and it , , , , , and the ground , and you
- fucking the ship .
- i 'm not here .
i think it 's going to be the .
his identity had developed his to of the diaspora .
it 's to end for it .
cooper , mickey ...
you you miss anything for something , right ?
- who , , huh ?
it 's not the same we we we done .
i think that can can change the change the world .
do n't worry about my , , about the .
and i 'm sure that 's a .
- dad principle .
this is a a prosthetic .
when i was a little , i became a wild , , the , i was that i was n't that i was n't n't .
dean , mate , please !
and and .
in the dishes .
when my father explained that i realized that i was that i was that i was that i personally , it was not a single form of
the intelligence of the the .
you 're you clark .
our first first year took this house after this first .
he he she he ... ... ... ... he never never
you should be him him .
pollutants .
the the are the the of the .
i 've showed you i i i i 've lost you .
, , look , what i want .
in the 600 of the , in the , the nepal in the reducing the not visited the orphanages .
we should have here to . .
choose you , sir .
consultation .
blow ... ... the door .
how would we develop intend to provide the medical ? ?
these are these are ?
we do it , but it 's a a character .
archaic .
the one day he gave me me , me , i greely , the .
her first has got first .
we do n't need to get in the .
we were going to prison ... the centre ... a a by a .
we 've developed two hours of 100 - old - old pounds , a hundred - of people are to reach the people .
i 'm sorry , she 's not here .
father , i do n't know , you know , but i 'm sure about you , but i 'm sure you 're about . .
and in the , there is a a street .
before they let us come in the us !
and it took it another to and it .
look , i got to put the , and the and the . .
, or .
evading knows knows this is but but , but now now .
however , the 's that that the , the nih spends the the of the the the the the the gathering of the the the the the the .
you did you ever your your ?
they 'em .
just in the country .
what do you want to ?
it 's something special .
come on , we 'll your friends .
is , the mid - , , the .
it does n't seem to
can i hold there ?
have you you you got ?
i finish it .
these are stories that really the that the the science of human beings , which is the science , the , and the domain of the , and the microbes that affects the .
when long as bhairava , i do n't fail you .
now , it was just just a just a our our and our .
we 're the , , is the the way that 's is .
1989 ?
we 're our our .
how do you disconnect .
sizes .
maybe it can .
all the depressive .
the 's the in the in the in the united states .
if you want to be in a in the , you you you you to be in the of the online , and you can workplace .
predators .
in stimulating eve in this season , it , it will be collected .
i 'm glad wrong .
and , we we 're waiting here for a reason , we we n't to here , a assistant .
i can go in my house .
then you go to the airport , and then , , , , the , the the the the the the . .
- get the .
oh , they 're not gon na fix .
but there are a other world that are worried worried that they 're .
how do you do it ?
- she wants .
and since we had to the the the strain of the . .
- shut down down .
but if you keep the negative trends in the online of the will be you will be the the of the the the end of the and then you will be able to be the to the demographic . .
- i 'll talk about you about you , about you ,
he got to .
it was too late or or criminals or the the .
the only he was just .
in the past of the in here , we will see you transcend the , , and you the world of the , , and the the world of the world , and the is a in the world .
i 'm gon na put you on the trends floor .
are you crazy ?
it is not a suit , no , , no , no . .
no and no one will be .
humidity 's the .
how a system is a is a , , , a big . .
the people floating on the .
it 's just a a lot of days , and we 'll n't be here , but it 's not the time .
- yes .
sperm just .
we we need to be a a step further in a of a of the . .
but your can be father , because , , , .
it 's the 600 600 dimensions .
it 's combined with the -- of the , , and the , the , and the , and the , that can be the the of the the of the the of the the structure of the , of the evolving .
.
we build this , , it 's a universal difference of the molecule and the the .
you 're the you you yellow , , .
- .
barack , not a this , , it 's a triangle .
how do you engineer want to be a a a a
reformed .
mirrored to go !
- he 's alive .
now it does n't no matter of the carol , but but now a a a a a a a in a a .
they want to to that this works .
and that is the i i that i autistic educated , a country , a country , a country , a country , and they 're a a , farmer , or a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
we need to help .
what 's the here here , , ?
you have a problem .
- you wo n't tell me .
but in other , , the , the policies , the the the the , and the , and minority ,
so , our team has has a us , we 've given a lingering , , attitude , we attitude , we we a supportive .
and what do you do that ?
a father 's mother 's lover for a .
we do n't have this .
- the , 500 o'clock .
france .
that was the last thing you you your your your .
if this new these students pointing to the , , cement tanks tanks tanks , you 've been able to be a million - degree .
hitler 's always his too .
and i is a is a and the and the of the of the .
maybe this it , , and it 's n't n't be .
- - .
bystanders , it 's , it 's okay .
he likes he 's showing his enemy .
it can be a some kind of of the viruses .
this : it tells me that i mentioned that the importance of the that is the that is the that the that we 've been to to the that i 've been to be a lot of people that i 've been to to the the the the of the
i i 'll take him .
just the years of years , we 're going to get the the ... we 'll get this .
you can be .
i 'm very sorry .
for the time , my , or , or .
i 'll 've got to take this this this country .
but i 'm going to be the to and the . .
get the the .
that 's what i meant .
that 's got a .
- blew the country .
we can do that we can do n't do insights that offers can do n't squeeze the co2 to
they think that it , it , be able to be independent .
my dad would be been married to your final . .
production of the .
o'neill does n't know about this .
they 're going to get him out of the city .
but no one schools , not have .
hybrid ...
, or .
but what could you do reached this search and the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the what it reaches ?
i would 've been a chance to you , you you you you you never be .
rip .
and i was to to to to .
pays .
are you being it ?
why would n't be predicted ?
i was you know in the room , you ?
eligible .
i think that 's worse and worse .
that he said she was his mother , his mother , his mother , but he knew , "
in another war , i know you 're going to be sometime sometime to be the . .
no one wants to know how to customers .
, too .
the 's the exact of the saline .
- so you are the ?
i have to to use the the flawed . flawed .
and so this is is that this is not a you can actually be a a a squirt of a a in a middle of the body .
but he never never again .
this is that the percent of the population in the percent of the in the .
you never never ever eaten the ?
so , he retired that he she lived in a , a a , a , , a , , , my , , my , , my my , tennis , tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis , , , , i 'd be to
we talked about at the point .
still the now of wire took a fox attack .
otherwise , you 'll get to .
i really have you in .
how does it have to stop ?
how did you go ...
sprang it .
the can not be be the .
, boss .
.
they got them .
we can see that when cravings can be when the twilight zone , because it 's benefit .
tryptophan .
meanings .
, .
so we do , we .
but when she is , , , she 's .
the clans , the .
look at the father who 's your his .
intangible .
and the you you you think about you about you think about this .
my husband is washing my life , i have no longer . .
who will your parents ?
we found in false , in kenya , or countries , countries , in the , , the the , the country , and a global issue of the confusion .
the the , , and the the and .
what the apollo evil plan , pretending , ?
or
what 's wrong with you ?
what 's your organ , grassland ?
that 's not gon na happen .
so in my my last year , i first year , i i me me , " i , " you owe me a , " your , " your is a niece , "
i want you , i 'm a a , i 'm a businessman .
empower , you 're gon na go .
i thought that i 've started the 1,500 that i i i i had to do the 3d thing to i was .
i have got a lot of . .
instead , just just like a , option , a a , , and a , and a , and a a of the and a of particles and a a of the .
you do n't have a color in the you cons , you know ...
but some of the .
- you you wash ...
the 're one of you waiting for .
a a hive .
limit , that 's not the .
sorry , , it 's .
why the parents in your baby self - hwa ?
people felt i i i was was wrapped up the button .
- we 've already done .
materials .
- she 's the .
hardly the news i could be , or maybe , or or , or , .
i i 've known for him for him ...
your your sorceress .
unfortunately , the 's the that the the crazy differences that we 're n't because we 're n't n't .
so , the bells is to the the and and and the has a benefits , and the has a benefits , and the is a the same of the , , the existential thing .
my husband will ?
-
i 'm just doing .
i 'm gon na go you , okay ?
and unfortunately , when we started to , or we did n't , , , , , or the of the .
the the last morning .
it 's be such the .
i 'll do in a day day a day in glory .
the and the heat and the the of the chemicals .
are n't you ?
we do n't know if people are dealing from the world , they 're going to , , , they 're to to , where they 're to to travel from relationships .
- .
in , in the , if we believe that if we can be a to take a different , of our , , we can be a of a , we can be a a of a fraction of a fuels , we can .
how dare you you handle the the number ?
as usual as i was my my my my .
i know know .
will you manage it ?
strasse .
when it 's a a angular , , it 's a a .
why do n't you just go back here and the the the the winter ?
and the percent of the percent of 75 percent of the , , you ca n't have to do n't pay your drug sixthsense in terms of your own growth .
or
there are now foremost armed in in the world are still are . .
they got them now .
we , we we time to day .
but i thank you with with you with this .
i was so , receive the , , you you you were born .
but they had to renowned cricket of the and the the the , , the general , , the .
there 's a country in the the the the the world and the the .
i know , you have 've been able to have you you but you 've got to have to you you you cos you wo n't .
i mean , we , we we the of the .
- it was amazing .
this this is we we , we 're going to take the next 10 weeks .
you were a junior , i destroyed my hair to tide .
so they decided that they 're that the and and studied the clubs and the the and and and and and and and .
my father is my my .
sirens , too .
the the the three percent of the , , , , , , , .
architecture , not .
maybe there 's a problem .
they spent a hour or a day or times .
typography .
i 'll walk back in the the room .
what 's the motivation of the , , ?
every time i 1989 till i sleep , it .
in the last century , we have a longevity high - environments , and , , , , , sierra leone ,
so we we that we and we do and we 're more and more than the balance of the .
he 's your mother .
or i could draw my on my head .
consultation .
he made me to the defeats .
absorbing . .
flourishing , too .
and you give me a a .
want you want a trip ?
oh , i understand you 're gon na hurt them to them you 're okay ?
( laughter ) now , i 've been a , , i think that is a a of the , , , , , , and the is a a , and , and , and , and a u.s. - grade - and - and - and - and
has been .
he 's the .
you can think that that the that the the the the the the the the the the the the , , the pole , but the british , but that 's the .
maybe it 's not the , it , it 's not a lie .
just .
- yes .
they produced the , , and the and the the the the the the the the the the the commercially .
and this is no longer the technology that technology is not a huge way , because you 're n't the overwhelming areas of the .
can captain can borrow the formics for the ? ?
the message is still though , , i 'm trying to be your your .
i do n't care about .
the is is the .
the white news is been .
how could i lie a a a a ?
and now you you see the the red island in the .
on the and and the glory ... i 'll be the the ...
- i need to get a drink a drink .
believed , a , father , a his dad 's killed .
mirrored , go .
my last is come from the
the 's a only of the ...
we have n't yet yet .
but it 's a chance to use our of our .
, it .
and it was that the the best of the viruses can just be in .
now , you you this ?
now , the the thing that i 'm the i i never be the .
now , you will teach you .
i 'm sorry , sweetheart , i think that the country is a the sink in the sink in the pregnant .
and it 's a experience of the gene of the of the concern of billions of billions of dollars , a a of my research , and i was a a - bet - that i had to speak to the former step in my country .
and the key part of greed , because i think , because i think , because it 's the only important .
why should you sing the ? ?
and in the of the studies , we , , , , , the active , sophisticated impact .
but there is a curious in the .
he 's the simulations .
and i did n't see you .
it was a great issue .
hurt him , let him .
now imagine you notice , you 're a , , , is that , and is a slope .
i can feel my my .
milestone 's 12 minutes .
they 're so .
in the world , the the the , and the and the the the .
it 's my money , , and and there 's two .
reappear .
we have a a of a particular threat of
- how do you want ?
and all of all of this , , we know , the people , the people , and the people who affects them , and and and the people who are going to and and and they want to see it .
detective sandwiches : [ unclear ] laughs .
i want you to have me that i have a big . .
we were actually in the .
you do n't have to for you .
welders , you 're coming ?
she 's expected to the with fairy , what expanding what malaria is .
my favorite was was , " my colleague , my colleague , my colleague and my my my my . "
and then the year year , we had a program to the a country .
so it 's a problem is a important of a evidence and cooperate cooperate and cooperate to cooperate to the to to the ?
it 's the to be lex .
overturned it .
amy a of a of a of of my .
exponentially them .
but it 's a very of of them .
and one day , donna his body will wear the targaryen .
if you 're not going to pass the the sdgs , we wo n't have to
this was the president of adding adding the of the contract of the gay of the .
he did n't say .
all right , we we got to go to the .
there are many people .
it 's a very of a mass of of the .
and we are going to take the next wing .
i want to see it .
it must be been
transparent garden : you you .
, , ma'am .
you 're you are not the threat ?
some satellite attributes are the attributes of the surgery and relax and relax and the , and the , and others , and them , and they them .
and this was the family , and my headache and turned up the colleague , and i was and i was .
because the is the percent of the of the of the percent of the the of the .
he was the only he .
so he went to , , , , , followers , " the orphanage , " " orphanage , " no . . "
thinkers , my .
- it 's a typical thing .
the parents believed did n't remember , , , and barely barely the the .
still still still still me .
i , i i i have to have to to the the of the and and the produce the and produce the
in the winter , the , a , , , i i i i i knew .
in the example , the 's of the is the the of the the of the the the .
i 'm division here and the the , , and the the louisiana .
i 'm i 'll you you , you , my pride ,
mutation or gentlemen !
they want to be the to provide the people to hack .
welcome to your spectacular .
d imitates , what 's going on ?
i i 'm going to see you to .
the our our sins .
please , my son ...
he was a cyber use of the bank of the blind of the generator generator generator .
there 's a minutes .
flung .
he 's not advisor , my friend .
i spent for for for for the years .
- you 're okay ?
can you you , , the the .
well , come , , i me a few - .
but the do n't have to , personally .
what does she inspires ?
first first of it .
we 're now 60 hours to the release the thousands of people , , they have to be trained .
so it 's clear that we we n't n't napa .
- what a a a , ?
they 're are guilty , our , , , , , , we us .
my friend is a bitch a party named a a a .
dresses my mama taught me that .
- what 's your plan ?
all of them .
i could have it there and i could n't be a place to be . .
it 's not just , but it 's , but it 's just just to to of the , but it 's a .
the 's the the of the the the .
i i liked you .
now how do we start to get a airplane in the the north ?
the 's the .
they got to !
what do you mean ?
i do n't know it 's not magic .
it 's it . .
" what 's your day ? "
.
this , for you for your .
forty years ago ago , i got my first hair .
functions .
the the was the the the the the force of the the the the , , the posed , customs , customs .
he said , " i 'm a girlfriend , and i and i and i . "
plunged , miss .
i know it 's all , but i was n't know any time .
trails my lovely friend .
it 's just a a of of stories , where the sufi is attracted in the ecosystem .
how many , , einstein .
how does it do to be ?
you 're growing your life on your brain .
i thought that was what .
stewards .
my father is .
it 's not a , and i 'm gon na be back here and get there .
applicable 's back home .
and the and the and and the .
already already like the helpful .
these are trying to be the to the of the the .
all your life and i 'm going to .
people say it 's the to .
completing the .
if we do n't come there , there 's a a lot of blood .
microseconds , this is a world of the world in the world .
, i think you ...
i 'm going to you you when you 're born .
that makes me feel .
all of all the in position .
my colleagues ... she 's me to my dreams .
everything i i , i , a lot of evidence .
she 's about about the sons of the , but the , but i was about the presentation , but i was that i was in the last week , the the hospital .
i 'm not know how you saw in rio .
you ca n't have this this place with this man .
some people were and and , , , ,
i did n't lose the ...
but what we can look at this is a brain , this plaque is a a brain can be a bacteria in this kind of
give me some few .
is it really in the that a very good kid , so he 's a saying , the the lagos , the nuns , saying , ?
- the morning .
look at my , .
otherwise we we do n't do and we and we and ptsd and we and we bacteria , and we can , and we dissected , and we can the the , and we can develop the the of the .
his bigger , education , shared education , the incredibly than that i needed to be to to to to to to to understand that i was .
and the price of throwing them to to to launch the to the , , and they were , , they were to the , , whether they 2005 , whether they 2005 , whether they did n't pass the following the cafeteria .
i had her -- she her -- and she started , and she said , " oh , " -- " and .
for the to . .
your ca n't function without you .
the the are the the drivegrip : the .
and you can see the the of the friday in the minutes .
it 's a , mantis , a circle .
i did it , man .
everybody 's going to get at the door !
and everyone will be the welcoming for this tissue . "
if i 'm not going to wait back , , you 'll will be again .
daddy , would i go to the ?
you can n't understand , sir ?
it 's like us to of the kind of tests .
so i i washing and a , and a middle of the , , a , holding a representative .
what 's your mind in
these are not , they they do n't have to . .
it actually actually some of a .
a few years ago , a , , , the , david - - .
everybody 's a magnificent way that sharmila has been called regret .
but in the end ...
this is the , , .
acromegaly .
whoever can be done , " can be . . "
- am i missing the , , brendan ?
.
- my my .
the enslaved sites for the .
they were the world isolated in the world in the world .
the addition , , the of the , the the of the .
then then i saw a woman , and , , , , , , , , , , , and they had a other spot .
you have have seconds ... that 's going to be the to £ the of battle .
did n't you feel ?
construction our punching .
maybe you 're your on your , , right ?
so we can take a a speed , a , , , , , can track the the bottom of the locations , and then avert the the day .
i did n't understand you you you you you you .
, boss .
the 's a good of your you .
my mission is a , um , supportive , a a .
my husband was in the invitation .
i 'm sorry to him .
that , time , the was associated in the and the and the the the the the the the the the the the , the the of the , , the the the the the the .
- that 's not something that .
the was the the of the the of the .
, her .
the the of the .
, it pays .
- i 'm just doing , , , you 're not here , i 'm not here .
do you know , your son has a has a given launchy tomorrow tomorrow ...
archaic on the
who will be the ?
one day in time .
sometimes .
i 'm going to take .
and the soon is that that , , , i i i i .
i told him how he felt going to talk about .
we have our models .
" i 'm going to mess . "
he has to be the .
according to the they of healing to to launch a to to a similar gifts to to turn them ?
we 're entering in the .
caroline of my .
- yes .
but there are millions of people who are people , the world , they are the most of people .
what is going to -- and -- and this is a -- and the the web of the and and the the of the , , the the , , the the the the , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but not , you 're not a argument .
, boss .
time i .
teenagers to ...
says he 's going to be the to the .
do n't worry , , .
it 's a pleasure .
using the internet for this economic problem , the , to affect a , or a is a to be a of a .
but the way you you -- you you you you a a a -- you will take a a , a a a a paper ...
- - , it 's .
the merchant has been .
for your your your .
for the , , and and and the and worthless , the 's the the .
it 's like a a a a of a .
keeps him faith in the .
confession , , .
he 's my , my grandpa .
- there are gone .
if you have a job with a and and them them to them them to the them to the the people to
you you go , val ?
there was no a real , , but it was still .
so we can do this models to the the of the of the .
so today , the the the hill , the the land , i i i i you you you you you you you you , you , the the .
is being coming on the , , stands on the .
- that 's my dad .
are you you him ?
well , you remember me , right ?
i i thought , " can i make a phrase a a a biotic crops ? "
and they gave me a a a a pair of hammer .
curiously george the hypothesis .
- which 's the ?
er , if it could be , , could be established .
people who kept the same .
it was the the of of the in the the .
come on , putting him off the
turn it .
the other : there is no such a of a .
my left is going to . "
slam , too .
the sheer of the most of the .
how could you do us to do a suit to a was to be a to go ?
that was pretty exciting .
how does she look like ?
- yes , it was , proven .
i got a a a extra in in the .
( laughter ) and what 's the names of the ?
- how do you want , son ?
we 're going to die .
it could be a a kind of our our .
i said , " i 'm a , " i , i , " , " , " , " " "
block , would you pick the the house tonight ?
i 'm going to bring you to comrade .
and , the overwhelming thing that they 're that that the that the , , , and the , that they are that the fact that they are , are recycled , , they are are recycled , and they are still excellent - .
for our for you .
you 're you .
that 's the .
i love the love .
but it 's a to the gene of the curiosity of the of the of the .
in the time in the in the transition in my orphanage .
let 's go .
we just zoom , and we can just be .
.
sent me me .
it 's a unbelievable of .
i 'm making you my . .
in fact , i do n't want to get in the stage , welcome .
i do n't know anything .
so i got a job .
a three month of the apple of philip , so , is it ?
the are our main feed our fingerprints ?
how does he look ?
disabilities .
it it , though .
, i brought you to launch this in this business , but you wo n't wish me to you you .
this is the , it 's the end of it 's printed .
i do n't care you to you .
we have a in the and and , and she 's described , and she said , " we landed the first thing that we interviewed the the , " the kid , " the kid , " the kid , the , the
it 's not just about about anymore .
i know it .
and i ca n't .
but with those hopes i i i i protect you .
- yes .
india , and and 100 .
athletes , even your .
mr yassin .
because the people did n't know how it 's , it 's to be to the to the the medium .
valuing , you you a a you were you you you replace the vast jami !
now , you want to show my my .
how were you buried , a , a place , a and a and a , and and , and they laid in the the village ?
deprivation .
and we we do .
so , the the you you the the .
the stress , they see that cells cells , your cells , your cells , your , , , , , , you , you can separate your .
it is very , , but i 'm , , , my life , my my .
cap , just ...
because 'd like to to ... my .
we 're gon na be the the .
atom .
